Ellie&apos;s discomfort became more and more palpable the closer they came to the deck. &quot;Don&apos;t look out.&quot; Ielenia warned, stopping at the top of the stairs. &quot;Look up. The sky is the same as the one in the woods at home.&quot; Tightening her grip on her sister&apos;s arm, she smiled and said &quot;I&apos;ll guide you to the center mast. We&apos;ll climb up to the crow&apos;s nest and lay down on the platform and the only thing you&apos;ll be able to see is sky. We could be anywhere in the world.&quot; Trying her best to look reassuring, Ielenia began once again to lead her sister onto the deck. &quot;Let&apos;s go.&quot;

-Rachel M., April 16

---

Ellie summoned every ounce of courage and tried not to drag her sister back to the table as they walked through the doorway. She stopped short after twenty steps on deck, eyes riveted on the ocean. <br><br>&quot;I will <em>never</em> understand how you and Tynfi got me on this <em>fucking</em> ship. We would have killed so many orcs together, been nice and dry, not eating these salted scraps they try to pass for food.&quot; She wrenched her arm from Ielenia&apos;s grasp and started backpedaling away from the edge of the ship. &quot;Nothing to hunt. No land for as far as we can see. We are in the middle of the <em>ocean</em>. What if your father was right and the dragons come back? They&apos;ll call up another wave and-&quot; Ellie smashed into a bunch of barrels lashed to each other. She slid down, barrels at her back, and sat on the deck of the ship. &quot;I - I just need a minute.&quot;<br><br>Ellie curled herself up, wrapping her arms around her knees. After a few minutes, a giggle escaped from her mouth. She lifted her head and stared at Ielenia with bright, laughing eyes and a big grin. &quot;I-ee-len-ee-ah!&quot; She sprawled herself out on the deck, looking at the sky, her hair a black stain on the deck as it spread out. Her eyes flitted between her sister and the blue sky above as she spoke.<br><br>&quot;Can you feel it? Sister, come lay with me. We can watch the sky from here. Crow&apos;s nest for birds that fly through the sky, messengers to the gods, flying on gilded wings and on and on...&quot; She extended her hand to Ielenia to join her on the ship deck. Wonderstruck, she turned back to the sky. &quot;Can you feel the ship, dear sister? It&apos;s <em>breathing</em>...&quot; <br>

-Nicole, April 17

---

Unmoving, Ielenia stared wide-eyed and at Ellie. <em>She&apos;s normally so composed... This stupor is most likely Tynfi&apos;s doing. </em>&quot;Ellie...&quot; Ielenia sighed, taking a seat beside her sister, still slightly unnerved by her abrupt changes in personality. &quot;I&apos;m sorry I brought you here. I know you&apos;re scared.&quot; Turning her head toward the sky, Ielenia drew in a deep breath and began, &quot;I can not fathom what you&apos;ve been through. I never saw the city. I&apos;ve never seen the dragons. Hells, most of my life I didn&apos;t even see many other elves.&quot; <br><br>Chancing a look at her sister, Ielenia was secretly relieved that her disposition had seemed to stabilize in one form or another. Her attention now turning to her feet, she began tracing her fingers over the cracks in the wood by her shoes. &quot;I never knew what Adran was running from, he just always was. He was always worried, I just thought it was some character trait. I just didn&apos;t believe him. Maybe if I had listened, he wouldn&apos;t...&quot; Stopping herself in her tracks, Ielenia shook her head. &quot;I&apos;ve learned so much about the world in this short time, though I am loathe to admit it. I&apos;m four times everyone&apos;s age for heaven&apos;s sakes.&quot; <br><br>Pausing briefly to flick a small piece of dirt, Ielenia embraced a new sense of conviction. &quot;But if there is anything I <em>have</em> learned, it&apos;s that if you&apos;re going to spend your life running, it better be towards some greater purpose. It wasn&apos;t until I started taking my father&apos;s advice and tried finding my family that I really felt like my own person. I&apos;m going to make a home for myself in this world Ellie. No matter what beast comes this way it won&apos;t take you away from me. I can&apos;t go home without you.&quot; Surprised by her own tenacity, Ielenia tentatively reached out for her sister&apos;s hand and gently placed her fingers between Ellie&apos;s, finding comfort in both the touch and the moment of silence. <br>

-Rachel M., April 18 (edited: April 18)

---

Ellie sat up to face her sister, interlacing their fingers. A clarity pierced through her drug haze as she held her sister&apos;s hand tightly and looked into her eyes.<br><br>&quot;Little sister, if anyone were to try to take you away from me, I would pierce their body with a hundred arrows, slit their throat and watch their blood stain the earth.&quot; She moved her other hand to cover Ielenia&apos;s. &quot;Even if it was a dragon.&quot;<br><br>A lurch of the boat made Ellie lose her focus again and the ferocity of the previous statement was lost in the salt air. Her usual daze returned as she continued to look at her sister&apos;s face. <br><br>&quot;Dragon&apos;s wings that block out the sun... and bring only darkness. Darkness and death. But you have the sun in your eyes, gold, to keep the darkness away. And green as the leaves of the forest. Just like home...&quot; She peered at Ielenia&apos;s face and smiled. &quot;You look like our mother&apos;s father. And Kyortia. Except for your hair. And Tahl&apos;sha. You have Tahl&apos;sha&apos;s eyes... You carry the forest with you. A piece of home, home, never alone... Like Adran?&quot; Ellie pointed to her own blue eyes, her grin spreading. &quot;I carry the moon. Like my father. And my - our brother, Aran. Oh, he will love you, Ielenia. The adventures we have had together will surely get him to practice his bow skills.&quot; She laughed heartily. &quot;Or not. He&apos;s very smart but not as inclined as us with weaponry. Much better with spells. There was an incident with a boar-&quot; She tried to stifle a giggle,&quot;He tried to shoot- and the arrow just-&quot;<br><br>Ellie tried to speak through her laughter and finally gave up. She grasped Ielenia&apos;s hands in glee as she exclaimed, &quot;I cannot wait to bring you home! Home... only the sky, you and I...&quot; She looked up at the sky. &quot;The sky is the same and I am with you, so I suppose this is partly home?&quot;<br><br>Her eyes glittered as she looked back at Ielenia and asked, &quot;Did you still want to go to the crow&apos;s nest?&quot; <br>

-Nicole, April 18 (edited: April 18)

---

Grinning devilishly, Ielenia pulled Ellie to her feet and ran with her sister in tow, laughing all the way to the crow&apos;s nest. The pair scrambled up the ropes, Ielenia flopping on her back in a fit of giggles once she finally vaulted over the siding of the nest. After a few heavy breaths, Ielenia managed to sputter, &quot;Adran&apos;s eyes were the color of oak bark and honey. I was never sure where I got the green. I do look like my father though. Well, the hair anyway.&quot; Tossing her copper hair over her shoulder for emphasis, she continued, &quot;My hair was such a shock to him that when I was young that he used to call me kit because he always said I looked more fox than elf. I thought my hair would get dark as the Autumn leaves-like Adran&apos;s-but it never did.&quot; As an afterthought she added, &quot;I suppose this suits me better.&quot; A child-like grin spreading across her face, Ielenia asked sheepishly, &quot;I look like our mother? What is she like? Who&apos;s Tahl&apos;sha?&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., April 18 (edited: April 18)

---

Ellie collapsed on the floor of the crow&apos;s nest next to her sister and propped her feet up on the siding. The smile on her face was so big, it hurt her cheeks.<br><br>&quot;Gods, that was fun.&quot; she gasped, trying to catch her breath. She flipped over onto her stomach, propped herself on her elbows and grinned at Ielenia.<br><br>&quot;Her hair is the color of mine, black as the night, and she has lighter skin than me,&quot; She lifted her hand to show the blue cast of her skin, &quot;but you have her features, her smile. I&apos;m surprised I didn&apos;t see it when we first met but I guess I didn&apos;t know to look. Your eyes are the same color, too.&quot; She flipped back over to look at the sky, whispering to herself, &quot;This is better, high in the sky, high as the clouds, so high, I&apos;m so very...&quot; She trailed off and returned her attention to Ielenia after pausing for a few moments, &quot;Our mother is kind. Gentle. As skilled as Aran with magic. She loves us fiercely and tries her best to protect us as much as she can. Too much so, sometimes. I suppose anyone would after the...&quot; <br><br>Ellie shifted to a kneeling position and slowly peeked over the top of the crow&apos;s nest, looked around for a split second and ducked again. <br><br>&quot;tidal wave. She knew so many people who died then. Her sister, Tahl&apos;sha, was the hardest for her though. I remember she used to grow the most beautiful flowers...&quot; She extended her palm and looked at it, as if expecting a flower to bloom out of thin air. &quot;Mother says she knew everything about plants. She gave me her book when I left. That book with all the plants? That was Tahl&apos;sha&apos;s. She had most of them in her garden... &quot; Ellie blew across her open palm, as if blowing a petal, and closed it into a fist. &quot;I was small when she died but I remember the flowers and plants, and her eyes. Green as the summer forests with gold sunshine through the leaves,&quot; she smiled at her sister, &quot;just like yours. But then again, she did take after the wood elf side of the family.&quot;<br><br>Sitting back down fully in the crow&apos;s nest, Ellie reached for Ielenia&apos;s copper hair, brushing it back away from her face. The color sang in the sunlight and she could not resist the urge to touch it and see if it did feel like a fox&apos;s fur. <br><br>&quot;Kit...&quot; Ellie felt the word around in her mouth. &quot;I much prefer that to &apos;Princess&apos;.&quot;

-Nicole, April 19 (edited: April 19)

---

Ielenia reddened slightly from the use of her childhood name. &quot;Sorry... I.. Nobody&apos;s called me that in quite some time. I suppose it&apos;s not bad if you do.&quot; Ielenia took a moment to examine the skin on her own golden hand, comparing it to her sister&apos;s. &quot;We&apos;re like the sun and the moon,&quot; she said softly, smiling. &quot;Does that mean I&apos;m part high elf too?&quot; Sitting up to lean against Ellie, Ielenia clutched her hands in her lap. Frowning slightly, she questioned, &quot;Do you think that&apos;s why I ended up with Adran? They were trying to protect us? Do... Do you think I reminded her too much of Tal&apos;sha? Is that why she never spoke of me?&quot; Taking a deep breath, she nestled her head in the crook of Ellie&apos;s neck, the warmth giving her strength.<br><br>&quot;Not that I&apos;m ungrateful for the time I had with Adran. He was kind and gentle and taught me everything he knew. It&apos;s just that I... I think I remember her. But I was never sure. I just remember... black hair, a soft voice talking with Adran. The smell of flowers. I was so young.&quot; Sitting up again to hug her knees, Ielenia continued, &quot;The only other person I saw much of growing up was my uncle Rhawon. But he was just my father&apos;s friend, and he would come and go as he pleased-somethimes it would be years before I saw him again. I think he knew my father before the city fell. Rhawon tried to talk to me about my father&apos;s past once, but Adran quickly silenced him. I always assumed that if I needed to know about it, Adran would just tell me. He would never have done anything to hurt me. If he wasn&apos;t telling me then there was a reason for it.&quot; Using one finger to push some dirt around, Ielenia added, &quot;But no matter where we were or how long it had been, Rhawon would always find us. He must&apos;ve been one heck of a tracker. I expect I&apos;m due for another visit from him in the next couple years. I haven&apos;t seen him since...&quot; Ielenia rested her chin between her knees and solemnly said, &quot;Since Adran was here. I&apos;m not upset at uncle Rhawon, he was never actually my uncle, I just wish I had known more of my family.&quot;<br><br>Hugging both of her knees again, Ielenia asked tentatively, &quot;Do you think Kyortia will really want me there? I&apos;m not sure I could be of any use to her. Or to Aran for that matter. I&apos;m afraid I don&apos;t know any magic.&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., April 19

---

&quot;Of any use... oh, Ielenia. You do not have to be useful for her to want you there. You are her daughter. She will welcome you with the same happiness I had when I learned I had a sister. Although if you are going to doubt yourself, I will have to remind you that I <em>have </em>seen you throw a dagger and there is much usefulness in that skill.&quot; Ellie moved close enough to her sister to hug her tightly. She rested her head on her sister&apos;s shoulder. &quot;Just because you don&apos;t know any magic doesn&apos;t mean that you will be any less welcome. Even my magic skills cannot compare to our brother&apos;s casting ability and he is only twenty. If it makes you feel any better, sometimes I feel like I&apos;m more wood elf than magically inclined.&quot; She laughed as she sat up straight again.<br><br>&quot;Perhaps Kyortia and Adran wanted to keep us safe, especially if Adran thought there would be a second attack. Mother never wanted me to leave home for too long but I always assumed that was from losing so many people that she loved. Maybe they thought I would have gone looking for you.&quot; Ellie sighed softly and smiled. &quot;And I would have.&quot;<br><br>Ellie laid back down to look at the sky. &quot;I&apos;m fairly good at tracking but it sounds like I could learn some things from Rhawon. Maybe we should try to track him once we are off this blasted ship. I wonder if he knew of me, or what he thought of our mother... I am still sorry for your loss and that I was not able to meet your father. I would have liked to.&quot; She tilted her head back to look at her sister upside-down. &quot;Him calling you Kit was special. I don&apos;t know if I deserve that honor quite yet.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, April 19

---

&quot;You know,&quot; Ielenia said, smiling to herself and tilting her head to the side, &quot;it had never once occurred to me to go looking for Rhawon. I wouldn&apos;t be surprised if he knew of both of you, he seemed to know everything about Adran. But whenever he tried to talk about it...&quot; Ielenia trailed off, &quot;Adran was always there to stop him. It was like Adran never wanted me looking back towards the past. Not about the city, not about him, not about mother. Thinking about it now, it was almost a blind faith I had in him. I... I feel so conflicted admitting that. I knew everything he did, he did for a reason, but is it okay to behave as I did? To just follow?&quot; <br><br>Staring our at nothing in particular, Ielenia abruptly changed the subject. &quot;But 20?! Ellie, Aran is practically a baby! He might need me to teach him how to defend himself after all. I&apos;m sure there are hundreds of people who would want to take advantage of his talent!&quot; <br>

-Rachel M., April 24

---

&#x201C;If that was all you knew, how could you be expected to act
differently? There was no reason for you to doubt him.&#x201D; Ellie sat up and fiddled absently
with the pouch on her belt. &#x201C;But I don&#x2019;t understand why he
wouldn&#x2019;t speak of the past. It&#x2019;s part of who you are. I think finding Rhawon
would&#x2026; give us some answers. But who knows where or when we would start to look
for him. Maybe we could ask our mother when we finally get home. Together. She
might have some idea as to where to start looking or even why Adran was so
secretive about your past. Our past, I suppose.&#x201D;<br><br>
Ielenia&#x2019;s topic change was easy to keep up with. Her thoughts flowed as quickly as a stream and the
conversation traveled right in the current. <br><br>
&#x201C;Aran is a baby,&#x201D; Ellie smiled tenderly at the thought of
her little brother, &#x201C;but he has Kyortia and Azadaran to look after him. I
usually check in every so often too but&#x2026; well, we are here. They will
protect him until he is old enough to understand that not everyone in the world
is as good as they claim to be. With our mother, that may be longer than he
wishes.&#x201D; Her face knitted with concern. &#x201C;His intelligence
sometimes seems to be solely focused in his spell work and puzzles. He mimics
my traps well enough but he can&#x2019;t shoot a bow or track a wounded creature. I
think he would benefit from you teaching him. At least he might be able to
wield a blade if he needed to. Although, I suppose magic is its own weapon&#x2026;&#x201D;<br><br>
She looked down her hands carefully and flipped them over,
then over again. When she looked back up at Ielenia, she had a glint of
excitement in her eye. Ellie looked around the empty crow&#x2019;s nest and over the
side to make sure they were truly alone. <br><br>
&#x201C;Watch&#x2026;&#x201D;, Ellie said, as she held up her hand
in between her face and her sister&#x2019;s. Her hand was suddenly covered in
miniature lightning bolts, leaping from finger to finger. As she closed her
fist, the lightning disappeared and her hand returned to normal. She grinned as she said, &#x201C;I&#x2019;ve been
practicing. Maithiral taught me that one... but please don&#x2019;t say anything. I
don&#x2019;t want to wind up with a bucket stuck to me like Tynfi.&#x201D; <br><br>
Speaking of Tynfi took her mind out of their haven in the
crow&#x2019;s nest. How long had they been gone from their fellow adventurers? Ellie
looked up at the late afternoon sky. &#x201C;Perhaps it&#x2019;s time to be getting back&#x2026; for
ale, I think&#x2026;&#x201D; She could feel the effects of the drugs waning and was becoming anxious to be back inside. She took her sister&apos;s hand. &#x201C;But... whenever we do climb down from here, do you think we can run again?&#x201D;<br>

-Nicole, April 26

---

Ielenia stared in awe at the lightning dancing across her sister&apos;s finger&apos;s. It was as beautiful and mesmerizing as the fireflies dancing over the rivers in the summer. When the sparks stopped the enchantment broke, and Ielenia looked up to her sister. &quot;Ellie!&quot; she gasped, &quot;that was.. amazing! Do you think I could?&quot; Ielenia quickly clenched her fists and scrunched up her face, but the only thing she succeeded in doing was making her knuckles red. &quot;Well,&quot; she sighed, shaking out the tension in her hands, &quot;I suppose I always knew there wasn&apos;t a magical bone in my body. I suppose I&apos;ll just have to live vicariously through you and Aran.&quot; Planting a quick kiss on her Ellie&apos;s forehead, Ielenia stood up and offered her sister her hand. &quot;Your secret&apos;s safe with me. The magical one, and the one about you turning greener every minute we remain out above decks.&quot; Chuckling to herself as Ellie suggested running back below decks, Ielenia said, &quot;Of course we&apos;ll run. The faster we get everything sorted out in Halfton the sooner we can find Kyortia and Rhawon and go home.&quot; Smiling devilishly, Ielenia gracefully leaped over the edge of the crow&apos;s nest, catching the rigging and peeking up over the side to taunt, &quot;But that doesn&apos;t mean I&apos;m giving you a head start!&quot;

-Rachel M., May 16