The days passed, and the roiling black clouds of Flametongue&apos;s displeasure dissipated.<br><br>Word got out almost immediately. &#xA0;Hundreds had seen it and lived to tell the tale: Asmodeus and his legions of Hell, monstrous creatures by the thousands, had nearly crossed over into the mortal world. &#xA0;They were met at the very threshold by the towering avatar of a God and his army of the faithful. &#xA0;The onlookers&#xA0;recount the charge in the sweltering air, the deafening crack of thunder and blinding flash of light as Aheknu shot overhead, the rumble of the ground beneath countless armored feet, the howling of the otherworldly fiends and the valorous battle-songs of the emerald warriors. &#xA0;Who could forget something like that?<br><br>Some tell the tale of the fallen. &#xA0;Hundreds of the mortal guardians were slain. &#xA0;Hundreds more of the prisoners of the ritual were trapped in the collapsing temple. &#xA0;Two of the most formidable magicians in the land were consumed, wholly, by the foul power of the cult.<br><br>And a few will tell you that at the very center of it all was a ragtag band of interlopers, first to arrive on the scene and the last to depart, the first to join the battle against the cult and the last foes Aheknu, in his current form, would ever face. &#xA0;Some say they were elves. &#xA0;Others insist they were humans, like most of the holy warriors. &#xA0;A few claim that they saw a halfling or a tiefling. &#xA0;But there&apos;s one thing everyone can agree on: they were ununiformed, acting on nobody&apos;s orders but their own. &#xA0;And they took down the mighty blue dragon.<br><br>Whoever they were, they had thrown themselves into that mess of their own accord, emerged victorious, and then left without a trace.<br><br>---<br><br>Rose sits down across from Ellie with a cup of piping hot tea. &#xA0;Nox, as she is accustomed to at this time of afternoon, is fast asleep on her shoulder.<br><br>&quot;Ah. &#xA0;Thanks for the tea. &#xA0;It was a long trip back from Numos. &#xA0;Cold, too.&quot;<br><br>She looks around.<br><br>&quot;Where&apos;s everyone else? &#xA0;Is Ursi not here? &#xA0;Did Abigail cast <em>Invisibility</em>&#xA0;on the two of them again? &#xA0;Because, as I recall, that&apos;s what happened last time I came here and both of them were &apos;out,&apos; right before Abby stole my component pouch and Ursi decked me with those wheezing flowers. &#xA0;I&apos;m not about to fall for that again.&quot;<br><br>Rose takes a generous gulp of the tea and puts it back on the table, keeping one hand on the cup. &#xA0;She smiles.<br><br>&quot;Anyway, if you didn&apos;t mind, I was going to stay a while tonight. &#xA0;There&apos;s a full moon; I figure it would be a good night to teach Abigail about night-time casting. &#xA0;And, you know, to catch up a little since I&apos;ve been away. &#xA0;How are things?&quot;<br>

-Ben, November 09

---

&quot;My friend, you are always welcome in my home. Stay as long as you wish.&quot; <br><br>Ellie holds her cup with two hands and delicately sips her tea. Her happiness is apparent in her contented smile.<br><br>&quot;Abigail and Ursi have been keeping me busy, as usual. Between all the wild shapes and magic around the house, it&apos;s not a dull existence.&#xA0;We had to regrow the entire south garden again last week when a game of chase got a little out of hand but I think Ursi made it even more beautiful than last time. They should be home soon; they went out early this morning and promised to be back before the afternoon was over. Maybe they ran into Ielenia.&#xA0;She usually stops by after she finishes Aran&apos;s lessons and she will be very excited to see you.&#xA0;I think she <em>finally</em> got Aran to hold a dagger properly. She must have thought I was exaggerating when I told her about his lack of ability with blades but if anyone can teach him, she can.&quot;<br><br>Ellie pours more tea for herself and Rose as she checks out the window to see if she sees Ursi.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;So, how have you been? Anything exciting happen on the trip back? You were gone longer than I thought you&apos;d be.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, November 09

---

Cat stalks quietly behind Abigail careful not to step on a branch or move a leaf. The frustrated child whirls around and yells &quot;Gotcha!&quot; Cat tears off in the direction of the house followed closely by the girl. <br><br><em>She is getting quicker.&#xA0;<br><br></em>Cat jumps through the open window onto the table between Ellie and Rose trying to be careful of the steaming cups. A flutter of wings on Rose&apos;s shoulder surprises Cat and she jumps to swat at the bat who flies deftly our of reach. Cat lands amidst Rose&apos;s horns and mews trying to catch the bat from atop her head. The table cloth is greatly skewed from the unexpected jump and the china clinks on the table dangerously. <br><br><em>Oh right it&apos;s just Nox, get down Cat. <br><br></em>Cat jumps onto the floor and by the time she lands is no longer there, replaced by a tall blonde Elf at the same time a child tears into the room coming to an abrupt stop at the sight of Rose attempting to catch piping hot tea.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Oh I&apos;m sorry! Cat wasn&apos;t expecting to see Nox today! I thought you weren&apos;t getting in until tomorrow, Rose. Welcome! I didn&apos;t even have time to get your favorite flowers,&quot; Ursinalia says feigning despair and giving Abigail a devilish grin. &quot;Oh well, I guess this will have to do.&quot; Ursinalia hands Rose the ruby red rose she was holding in her hand before the game of chase. It is a perfect bloom still wet with big drops of dew from the morning. She takes the cups from Rose as she takes the flower and begins to straighten the table Cat messed.&#xA0;

-Amber  F., November 09 (edited: November 09)

---

Rose shakes her head grumpily in an attempt to get her hair out of her face, but stops and sighs when Nox returns to her shoulder with a pleased squeak. &#xA0;She leans back, straightens her hair with her hands and places the rose in her hair, a sideways smile returning to her face.<br><br>&quot;Well, I guess you wouldn&apos;t be you if you said hello like a normal person. &#xA0;It&apos;s good to see you.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m not sure if I had told you; I was in Numos to track down a fellow by the name of Horox. &#xA0;The word going around the temples was that he was a priest who started dabbling in the occult and got himself kicked out of the priesthood there. &#xA0;Sounded like the kind of person I might like to know. &#xA0;Too bad, though; when I got there I learned that he had apparently gotten himself killed trying to take over the town with a small army of raised undead. &#xA0;Guess the priests politely omitted that part of the story. &#xA0;But then I overheard some things in the temple in Numos, and one thing led to another, and I maaaay have been a little naughty.&quot;<br><br>Rose produces a curved, immaculately polished silver dagger from her pack, spinning it idly in her hand.<br><br>&quot;Turns out the High Priest there had started &apos;enforcing&apos; his exorbitant tithe by hiring a bunch of two-bit thugs to twist arms and break legs. &#xA0;They were ostensibly town guardsmen, and I think in Numos demanding a tithe and enforcing it is his legal right, but, well... you know. &#xA0;Fuck that. &#xA0;When I caught up to them, the thugs never knew what hit them. &#xA0;And as for the priest himself... you know, ever since people started hearing about that whole Exus and Aheknu and Asmodeus thing, all you gotta do to scare someone out of town is to show them a convincing enough illusion of an angry Thania. &#xA0;It&apos;s so easy, it almost feels like cheating. &#xA0;But <em>damn</em>&#xA0;if I don&apos;t enjoy the looks on their faces. &#xA0;Anyway, a memento. &#xA0;I think he used this for offerings.&quot;<br><br>She places the blade on the table, hilt facing Ellie.<br><br>&quot;So if Ielenia is teaching Aran to fight, does that mean you&apos;re all coming with me next time? &#xA0;The dangers of the road are so much more fun with you all around!&quot;

-Ben, November 09

---

Ellie&apos;s eyes light up at the suggestion and she gives a quick glance to Ursi. She picks up the dagger to scrutinize the weapon and runs the dangerous blade through her fingers.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;The&#xA0;Lady of Death showing up to tell you of your wrongdoings,&quot; she laughs in surprise, &quot;I thought those were rumors of the ravings of madmen! Rose, Rose, you have been busy.&quot; <br><br>She tosses the ceremonial dagger from hand to hand.<br><br>&quot;It will take a lot of charming words for Kyortia to allow Aran to come with us. It was enough of a chore to convince her to let him come with me to Peltaur last week and that was only a half-day&apos;s travel. Aran overheard one of her customers mention the lack of available musicians for the harvest festival, which is odd. There&apos;s usually twenty or so minstrels and bards showing up everyday to play so when he told me about it, I thought we&apos;d do a little investigating. Turns out some satyr, Zemok, I think&#x2014;Ursi, what was his name again?&#x2014;decided he wanted his own private orchestra at the minimal cost of kidnapping musicians. The poor people had been playing for days and were exhausted. Not that they knew it but I&apos;m not sure how much longer they could have continued if we hadn&apos;t found them. It only took three bottles of elven wine and the suggestion of a large festival quite a few towns over for him to let them go. Well, that and there may or may not have been a sword involved, but don&apos;t tell my mother that part.&quot;<br><br>Ellie grins as she returns the dagger to the table between her and Rose. She leans forward, excited by the prospect of a new adventure.<br><br>&quot;I, however, would be up for a little traveling if you have something in mind. Does this mean you aren&apos;t staying in town long or will you be spending some time here?&quot;

-Nicole, November 10 (edited: November 10)

---

The door bursts open unceremoniously in the the wake of Ielenia&apos;s boot. &quot;Look here!&quot; She shouts, beaming as she drags a lithe young elf through the door behind her. &quot;Aran!&quot; She continues, no less quiet, &quot;Show them what you did!&quot; &#xA0;Face turning red, Aran nervously passes a dagger from hand to hand. &quot;In here? Is it safe?&quot; Pushing the boy towards the table, Ielenia says in almost a sagely and mentoring tone, &quot;Aran. We&apos;ve been over this. Your results are no good if you can&apos;t replicate them outside of training.&quot; &quot;But,&quot; Aran stammered. &quot;Father helped to make this table..&quot; &quot;Show them!&quot; Ielenia commanded, pointing towards the group seated at the table for emphasis. <br><br>Aran sighed, drew in his breath, and gripped the dagger tightly. &quot;Good technique!&quot; Ielenia nodded, her excitement palpable. Widening his stance to brace himself, Aran exhaled. As his breath left his body, the blade of the dagger started to glow blue. A wild flurry of sparks suddenly flew from the metal. Furrowing his brow, Aran stared at the blade until the tiny bolts of lightning tightly wrapped themselves around the dagger, elongating its form and sharpening its edge. Moving forward slowly towards the table, he cautiously brought the blade down against the table&apos;s edge, effortlessly searing through a piece of the wood as if it were butter.<br><br>When the blade had made its way through the table and the magic was released, Ielenia squealed and punched Aran in the arm a little too enthusiastically, sending him a couple steps sideways. &quot;Did you see that?&quot; Ielenia cheered, collecting Aran and massaging his shoulders. &quot;He&apos;s going to be a sword mage!&quot; Wiping the sweat from his brow, Aran cautioned his tutor, &quot;Let&apos;s not get too far ahead of ourselves. That took months.&quot; Ielenia moved to face her pupil, hands planted firmly on her hips. &quot;Don&apos;t argue with me. You know I&apos;m always right.&quot; Aran rolled his eyes knowingly. &quot;So tell me then,&quot; he gently taunted her, &quot;were you going to greet our guest?&quot;<br><br>Turning to actually focus on the table, Ielenia looked surprised to see Rose watching her. &quot;Rose!&quot; Ielenia startled, then smiled widely. &quot;It&apos;s good to see you back, old friend.&quot; Ielenia shook the tiefling&apos;s hand. It was about as much affection as she was permitted to display towards the witch. &quot;Abby has been missing your lessons.&quot;

-Rachel M., November 10 (edited: November 10)

---

Rose laughs.<br><br>&quot;Ellie! &#xA0;You drank with a satyr? &#xA0;Did you <em>out-</em>drink the satyr? &#xA0;If you didn&apos;t, you&apos;re obligated to lie and tell me that you did anyway.&quot;<br><br>After shaking Ielenia&apos;s hand, she flips the silver dagger up into her other hand, beaming.<br><br>&quot;It&apos;s great to see you, too, Ielenia. &#xA0;And I&apos;m glad to see everyone&apos;s staying sharp. &#xA0;As for when I&apos;ll leave next, well, who knows? &#xA0;You know me. &#xA0;I&apos;ll be around for a while, and then I&apos;ll hear a delicious rumor or&#xA0;feel the old yearning for the road and I&apos;ll be getting ready to leave the next day while one of you gives me the guilt trip about how I never give any&#xA0;warning. &#xA0;I <em>do</em>&#xA0;feel the guilt, I&apos;ll have you know.<br><br>&quot;How about this, though. &#xA0;I&apos;ll stay around for a couple of weeks, and I&apos;ll snoop around town for something <em>really</em>&#xA0;good. &#xA0;You know, wizards behaving badly. &#xA0;Ancient ruins that need exploring. &#xA0;Mysterious prophecies to investigate. &#xA0;I&apos;ll let you know when I find something, yes?<br><br>&quot;Oh, and Aran, does Ielenia have you sparring yet? &#xA0;In my experience, failing over and over is the best way to learn. &#xA0;Speaking of which! &#xA0;Yes, tonight, Abigail, we&apos;re going out to the meadow. &#xA0;Dress warmly, and get ready... the full moon has a way of bringing out the <em>rampant</em>&#xA0;side of one&apos;s spells.&quot;<br>

-Ben, November 11

---

Roan wanders through the elven town, looking for the vague description Ellie had given him before he had departed for Afon. However, he was having a difficult time remembering if it was small with a large garden, or very large with a small garden. That was until he heard a loud crash and Ielenia shouting.<br><br>He arrived just in time to hear Rose speaking about rampant spells. Letting himself through the wide open door, he joins the conversation.<br><br>&quot;And since when have your spells ever not run rampant?&quot;

-Carolyn M., November 11

---

By sheer happenstance, Illyrio is in the region, though he doesn&apos;t know about this impromptu get-together.<br><br>Illyrio is where he started this life-changing adventure - at a bank (the local branch of the Goldfoot bank to be specific). Though he&apos;s trying to do something very different this time.<br><br>In the weeks since civil war broke out between rival halfling factions, repercussions have been felt in the financial sectors across the land. The only kingdom that didn&apos;t rely upon halfling banks relied upon halflings in a more direct way, and Thrask&apos;s people have suffered for a more obvious reason - they lost their free labor force overnight. In light of this, commerce has shut down in Heliopis as a furious Thrask assembled a force to locate his evaporated slaves.<br><br>In anticipation of this murdering hoard wandering by asking if anyone had seen hundreds of small slaves perchance, neighboring kingdoms went to beef up their defenses, only to find that halfling banks could provide only what was on hand; they were cut off abruptly from headquarters, since headquarters was, no matter the bank&apos;s allegiance, embroiled in an escalating gang war. This sent account holders into a panic, the ramifications of which were only just beginning to be felt.<br><br>Illyrio had only heard reports from back home in hysterical snippets that he knew must be only partial truths. By the time any news of the turf war reached the North, it had been distorted and magnified and twisted every which way (and he knew everyone who spoke to him wanted to lay it on extra thick because even his allies blamed him partially for the state of things) but the kernel of truth at the center of all the gossip was this - Illyrio was a hero figure to a small sect of halfling-folk who held nobility above all else, and he was persona non grata to everyone else who, rather fairly, preferred meat on the table each night and a lack of screaming in the streets to moral rectitude. <br><br>The only person more hated than Illyrio outside of the most loyal of Goldfoot circles was the fool Kormanthal, who was also, even in death, the only reason there hadn&apos;t been a more concerted effort to peg down Illyrio&apos;s location and send a coterie of goons with anger issues at him. Lorenzo&apos;s loyal acolytes were most interested, at this time, in ascertaining whether Kormanthal had acted on his own (Illyrio knew he most certainly had, but hadn&apos;t exactly had the oppurtunity to clear this up with any interested parties before fleeing) or as an emissary of the elves, who just about no one needed reminding still held a bit of a grudge against the old denizens of Cura.<br><br>Behind this shield, Illyrio had been able to move pretty freely between the branches that were struggling most to hold back the panic: those closest to Thrask. Surprisingly, he had found that, this far away from Lorenzo&apos;s center of power, branches, no matter the name above the door, were happy to have a stabilizing presence around and quickly formed a sort of ad hoc Northern committee to pool resources under the guidance of an ever-roving Illyrio. The fact was, this was possible because:<br> &#xA0; &#xA0;1) Lorenzo had not been entrenched in his new digs long enough to make much of an impression to these Northern branches.<br> &#xA0; &#xA0;2) Pretty much all they knew about Lorenzo was that he was trading slaves, a much more abhorrent offense to halflings this close to Thrask.<br> &#xA0; &#xA0;3) The freshest offense of all was that their headquarters had turned their back on them and left them in dire straits. Help was help.<br><br>This ability to work with both sides also allowed Illyrio to engage in a bit of subterfuge, the kind of subterfuge that might cease this nonsense war while allowing Illyrio to be in a place where he would not be met with a crossbow bolt to the head. The lie had actually been Illyrio&apos;s mothers idea, one that she conveyed to him as he fled. (Illyrio had tried to persuade her to leave as well, but bless her, she was a moral crusader through and through, and she had stumbled into her latest crusade a mere two days after wrapping up her previous one.)<br><br>&quot;No one knows what was said in that room other than you and Lorenzo, who now can no longer share his side,&quot; his mother had told him. &quot;What I think was discussed before Lorenzo turned himself in was this: Lorenzo was revealing to you that he had only switched sides in order to spy on his lifelong rivals, and revealed that his sabotage was complete and his allegiance to the Goldfoot cause was true. You could correct me on that and tell me that in fact Lorenzo was everything our opposition thinks he was and more, and give them all the ammunition they need to keep this war going forever. Or, you could say, &apos;Yes mother, that&apos;s exactly what happened...&apos;&quot;<br><br>And that is exactly what Illyrio had done when fortuitous moments came forth - he had been letting slip here and there that he had realized too late that he was turning in a brilliant double agent bolstering the success of his own bank, that Lorenzo was misguided in the ways he tried to centralize Goldfoot power (plotting the death of Illyrio&apos;s father when it became clear the old man had lost his way, becoming a financial spy and sabotuer) but that this was a consequence of nearly psychopathic allegiance to the bank that he helped build up from boyhood.<br><br>There were one or two people who would have been close enough to Lorenzo to know this was utter nonsense, but if Illyrio knew Lorenzo well, there would be countless others in whom he hadn&apos;t confided who would wonder. Illyrio held out hope that his final victory over Lorenzo would be to sap him of the martyr status he so richly did not deserve.<br><br>So Illyrio was busy. Roving the North, piecing together an unlikely union of struggling bankers, his only personal solace was Celise, who accompanied him. She had been immensely thankful upon being rescued, but Illyrio quickly attempted to divorce her from any notion of Illyrio-as-white-knight. About his past misdeeds Celise was aware - she was the only person in Pwll Glo in whom he felt comfortable confiding - and Illyrio told her that he considered himself no more a hero than he did in his brooding stupor. As a matter of fact, Illyrio rather liked being seen by so many as the villain he rather considered himself to be. He begged Celise not to settle with him because she was grateful to this great hero; she needed her to do it because she could tolerate, and even draw some measure of enjoyment, from the complex person he actually was. As it turns out she did.<br><br>Though she still engaged in occasional hero worhsip, mostly when it came to Illyrio&apos;s companions. While the two walked into town, Celise swore she had seen the tall, strapping Roan sheepishly glancing at various gardens before ducking down an alleyway.<br><br>&quot;I doubt it, he probably hasn&apos;t left the side of the ailing Gwen in weeks,&quot; Illyrio dismissed her. &quot;Dude&apos;ll never admit it, but he&apos;s smitten. If not romantically, then ideologically.&quot;<br><br>&quot;Shouldn&apos;t we go check, just in case?&quot;<br><br>&quot;Seraphina needs me there pronto. If I don&apos;t...&quot;<br><br>&quot;Fine,&quot; she said bemusedly. &quot;Do you mind if I check? Frankly, your job bores me. I liked you better when you talked about banking like it was medicine,&quot; she teased.<br><br>&quot;Go, go. Watch out for assassins,&quot; he said, only half-joking. He doubted they knew who Celise was, but he&apos;d once thought he had gotten to Nicollo without drawing attention, so what did he know.<br><br>And so Celise went off in the direction she thought she had seen Roan go.

-Charles G., November 12 (edited: November 12)

---

Rose laughs.<br><br>&quot;Well, <em>hello to you too</em>, soldier boy.&quot;<br><br>She flips the silver dagger to Roan.<br><br>&quot;Yes, <em>rampant</em>, for better and for worse. &#xA0;I may be a living testament to magic&apos;s refusal to be ruled, but what the Hell, at least it keeps things exciting, right? &#xA0;Point being, though, that little Abigail needs to know what it&apos;s like to cast under the full moon and feel how the tides of magic rush and surge during the witching hour.<br><br>&quot;So, how has Afon been lately? &#xA0;Last time I was in that neck of the woods, everyone was just so damn <em>busy</em>, yourself included.&quot;

-Ben, November 12

---

Ursinalia returns with a tray of more tea and cups to replace those she had split and allow all the newcomers to take part.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Close, it was Zemrok, and she held her own against the Saytr. Though I do recall having to carry her home afterwards.&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>Ursinalia sits down to listen in on the rest of the catching up.&#xA0;

-Amber  F., November 12 (edited: November 12)

---

Roan attempts to catch the dagger with his free hand, but misjudges Rose&apos;s accuracy. The dagger harmlessly clatters again his dusty plate mail armor, before falling to the floor. Sore from his long journey, he begins to struggle retrieving the dagger while balancing his abnormally large pack between his shoulders.<br><br>&quot;You are very right when you speak of busyness. Now that Gwyn has made a full recovery from whatever ritual Aheknu tried to perform, we&apos;ve begun preparations to make sure a catastrophe of this scale never happens again. Oh, and Eve seems to be doing just as well. I visited her a few days ago at her creepy tower.&quot;<br><br>Distracting himself through conversation, Roan doesn&apos;t notice when his pack slips forward and forces him to tumble toward the table. It breaks open to reveal nearly a hundred books and a vast assortment of papers, scrolls, edicts, proclamations, and what appears to be notes taken in his handwriting.<br><br>&quot;Damn, not again. That&apos;s the third time today. I promise I&apos;ll clean it up, but give me a second. Riding around with Wyn is surprisingly tiring. But when Gwyn was still recovering, I stayed as her personal assistant. That was when she and the Second Seeker came up the idea of increasing our communication with other realms, specifically trying to track disappearances of important people or objects, any major wrong-doing by assorted clergy members, and even troop movements of terrible leaders, such as Thrask. The plan is still taking shape, but since she doesn&apos;t need someone preparing her food everyday, she&apos;s asked me to become one of the first emissaries. Tomorrow I have a meeting with the leaders of this town to invite them to become a part of our network. And then I&apos;m supposed to travel on to Numos. There were some rumors about an extrememly zealous priest giving his congregation some grief. But it also means I get to visit all of the the Order&apos;s monasteries, and I can borrow as many books as I want!&quot;<br>

-Carolyn M., November 12

---

Nox was coming down off the excitement of being chased by Cat and had been drifting back to sleep when the armored warrior and his one-man-library crashed to the floor. &#xA0;She bolts awake and takes wing, careening about the room enthusiastically.<br><br>&quot;Oh, do I have a story for you, kid. &#xA0;You needn&apos;t worry about the priest in Numos.&quot;<br><br>Rose sweeps a book off the top of the pile.<br><br>&quot;<em>North of the Clouds: Legends and Lore of the Mountains</em>, huh? &#xA0;Gods, this thing is big. &#xA0;And somehow in between all of the travel and all of the duties you always find time to down one of these things in a week. &#xA0;I don&apos;t know how you do it. &#xA0;So how long are you here for? &#xA0;And what do you think about... eh? &#xA0;I think I hear someone by the door.&quot;

-Ben, November 13 (edited: November 13)

---

Celise giggles. She used Roan&apos;s clumsiness as an opportunity to slip into the garden unnoticed but was too nervous to announce herself. She had planned to dash back to Illyrio upon seeing this gathering, inform him that his friends are indeed in town, but she has been caught.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m not an assassin I swear! I thought I saw Roan earlier, and, as he is the least stealthy being smaller than a dragon in all the world, I was able to follow him here. It&apos;s, umm...&quot; she&apos;s a bit starstruck though she&apos;s proud of her Roan diss because it makes her seem like she can hang, &quot;it&apos;s great to see you all again!&quot;

-Charles G., November 13

---

&quot;Did it have to be the table, Ielenia? It&apos;s older than I am.&quot; Ellie jests as she gets up to greet her siblings. &quot;Although I must say I am impressed that you were able to get Aran to hold a dagger properly, nonetheless manage that sort of spellwork at the same time.&quot;<br><br>After congratulating both her brother and sister on their accomplishment, she bends down to try to reattach the piece of the table Aran has sliced off. Roan pokes his head through the door just as she realizes it&apos;s probably a lost cause. She leaves the broken wood and stands to greet the large man but before she can reach him, she sees the dagger go flying across the room, quickly followed by books being spilled all over the floor and Nox taking flight.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Can someone <em>mend</em> the table, please? Between Rose, Ursi and Aran being here, I&apos;m not sure how much of the rushes and surges of Abigail&apos;s magic our furniture can take. At least both of you will be training outside tonight.&#xA0;Here, Roan, let me help you. I can&apos;t believe you remembered how to get to our house. Did you recognize the lilies in Ursi&apos;s gardens? And how wonderful you are here on official business too. If you are going to visit the Elders tomorrow, I would suggest cleaning your armor and sprucing up a little bit before your audience. It will go a long way with them. How long will you be here since you won&apos;t have to travel to Numos? Do you have somewhere to stay?&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>She quickly puts the loose papers into a pile for Roan to sort through later and pulls a plate from a shelf close to the table. She drops a bunch of berries onto the plate and pushes them toward Rose with a smile.<br><br>&quot;For Nox, of course.&quot;<br><br>Ellie smiles widely at how quickly their home has become filled with family and friends. She&#xA0;curls up next to Ursi and begins to braid her hair as Oi had shown her. It wasn&apos;t nearly as good as his even after months of practice but she was getting better. She looks up from her work when she hears a vaguely familiar voice. She squints at the woman in their doorway for a moment before the recognition dawns on her.<br><br>&quot;Celise, is that you? Please come in! What are you doing in town?&#xA0;Is Illyrio with you?&quot;

-Nicole, November 13 (edited: November 13)

---

Taking a moment while Ellie is distracted with the newly arrived Celise, Ursinalia stands and goes over to the now broken piece of table. She casts mending on the spot until it is as good as new or well old. &#xA0;

-Amber  F., November 13 (edited: November 14)

---

&quot;He&apos;s...&quot; Celise wonders what Illyrio would think if he were beset upon at this meeting by most of adventuring party - would he feel joy at the reunion? Would it distract him? She didn&apos;t quite understand why but this was a very important meeting for the Northern coalition of banks.<br><br>&quot;He is in town, though I can promise he had no idea so many of you would be here. I&apos;m sure, now that I think on it, that I&apos;ve seen notes and letters from you Ellie with your address on them, but Illyrio has so many papers - you have no idea how many papers - crowding our wagon that he must never have seen them or forgotten. <br><br>He is quite changed from his swashbuckling days. It is quite a thing to see Illyrio with his rapier always holstered, now brutalizing unsuspecting foes only with sharp rhetoric. I&apos;m sorry you all must not know, he may not have written. The halfing civil war has brought on a... well of course you know that, surely you&apos;ve already felt some of the strain of the financial panic. Well, Illyrio has had alarming success pulling together halfling banks of all stripes into a coalition of sorts in an attempt to stall a depression. He&apos;s one town over, meeting with Seraphina and one of the last holdouts in this region about... something. Important, probably? Frankly he seemed a bit panicked, I think he&apos;s always worried - he&apos;s public enemy number one amongst many halflings with Kormanathal dead, and I think he always fears they&apos;re looking for a way to bring the war to him. That &apos;I&apos;m not an assassin&apos; thing is sort of how I greet him these days...&quot; She tails off.<br>

-Charles G., November 14

---

&quot;I... I don&apos;t think I&apos;m good enough to spar,&quot; Aran muttered, scratching the back of his head. &quot;Nonsense!&quot; Ielenia stated, resolute in her convictions. <br><br>Ielenia had just started to make excuses for why the table needed a few more marks as Roan came crashing through the door. Patting her old friend&apos;s shoulder, she smiled at his general lack of coordination. &quot;Glad to see you haven&apos;t changed a bit Roan.&quot; Ielenia turns her head as she heard Celise&apos;s giggle. &quot;It&apos;s a regular reunion!&quot; She exclaimed. &quot;What are you waiting for Celise? Go grab that grumpy Illyrio and bring him &apos;round.&quot;<br style="line-height: 26.6667px"><br>Taking the forgotten ceremonial dagger from the table, she holds it up to the light, examining the exquisite craftsmanship, testing the balance of the blade. &quot;I don&apos;t know much about magic,&quot; Ielenia started, &quot;but if this dagger was made for some mystical religious purposes, I imagine it would be easier for Aran to channel his magic through this implement than through my martial daggers. Can I try training him with it, Rose? I bet I could have him ready to spar by the time you find a rumor worth investigating.&quot;<br><br>

-Rachel M., November 14

---

Celise nods at Ielenia&apos;s request and, without another word, exits. What was she thinking walking in there and talking with them as if they were her buds? When she was found out by... she wasn&apos;t even certain what the teifling was going by anymore but she knew it wasn&apos;t Tynfi like when they had met - either way, when she was found out, she should have fled. Because, in their midst, it was clear she lacked whatever fraternal bond they had formed that allowed them to josh each other relentlessly. It had been a long time since they had discovered her father&apos;s body in the mines - did they even remember this connection, she wondered? - and since then she had only met some of them on occasion in Gorllewyn, and those had been somber affairs in hastily assembled refugee camps; and had only caught brief glimpses of the newer members during her rescue. Here she stood amongst them, very out of place.&#xA0;They had barely even noticed her even as she stood in their midst.<br><br>And how could they? It was crowded in there. It wasn&apos;t just full-grown adventurers. She had heard of the little girl they had adopted, because Illyrio complained about her relentlessly - a strange thing to do considering it had been weeks since he was in her presence. He said it was the principle of the thing, presuming that they had any right to take in a child when they acted like children themselves, but she wondered - was this some sort of &quot;I hate kids!&quot; thing veiled beneath some twisted moral argument?<br><br>And Aran? She had no idea who that was. Illyrio had never mentioned him. She wondered if Illyrio even knew who that was.<br><br>Illyrio... Would he be okay with her interrupting his meeting at the bank to inform of this impromptu get-together? Come to think of it, where was the bank in this area? She&apos;d never been here before.<br><br>She sat on the pavement outside Ellie&apos;s garden, out of sight of the revelers, to gather her thoughts before making her next move.

-Charles G., November 15 (edited: November 15)

---

Overwhelmed by the number of questions aimed at him, and the introduction of Celise, Roan waited to answer.<br><br>&quot;Well, if I don&apos;t have to go to Numos, I could probably stay for a couple extra days beyond the meeting tomorrow. I was just planning on staying the night in an inn or camping outside of town for a night, and leaving after the meeting. But that can change. And I didn&apos;t actually recognize the house Ellie, although I would like to take credit for that. I actually heard Ielenia shouting and a door slamming, so I figured that would be the right direction. But now that you mention it, those lilies out front are incredibly beautiful! Very well done Ursi!<br><br>&quot;That book is one of the larger ones, so I&apos;ve been having trouble getting through it. Especially since I&apos;ve never heard any of those legends before. Have you Rose? Are you still going by Rose? If you have, I would love for you to explain some of their cultural significance, as well as defining some of the words.... Wait, where did Celise go?&quot;<br><br>Roan drops the rest of the pack, and shuffles outside to where Celise sits on the pavement.<br><br>&quot;Unless you are fetching Illyrio right this second, please come join us inside,&quot; and he extends her his hand.

-Carolyn M., November 15

---

She is impressed by Roan&apos;s gesture of kindness, and the tears that were welling up in her eyes out of embarrassment are elbowed out by the welling up of tears of reassurance. &quot;I&apos;m, uh, thanks, I&apos;m supposed to fetch Illyrio, but I&apos;m not sure he wants to be interrupted right now. And, more troubling, I guess I&apos;m not sure where he is. I know he went to the bank, but I broke off from him to follow you and I, uh, may have forgotten to ask him where to meet up. Which means he must really be flustered about the meeting today, because he normally always comes up with five different meeting points and escape plans if something goes wrong, and today... nothing.&quot; She takes his hand, still flustered but comforted.

-Charles G., November 15

---

A familiar figure with fabulous hair appears in the garden just inside the gate. One second the space was empty and the next, poof!, gorgeous man. He grins playfully as Celise squeaks a bit in fright before holding up his hands in mock surrender. <br><br>&quot;Don&apos;t worry love, I&apos;m no assassin, those days have <em>long </em>since passed,&quot; he purrs.<br><br>He walks laconically through the beautiful garden, admiring it as he passes, and knocks respectfully on the door-frame of the open door. After hearing a mixed chorus of &quot;Come ins!&quot;, he strides confidently through the door basking in the surprise his presence has evoked with a trademark boyish smirk. <br><br>He&apos;s wearing deep red fitted leather pants which are ornately adorned with elegantly simple needlework of pure gold thread. Tucked in to the pants in a disdainfully fashionable manner is a slim shirt of whitish elven silk, which is mostly open and baring a large amount of sun-kissed skin.The shirt glimmers and shines like ice hit by the sun, even in the dimmer light of the dwelling. Crossed over his muscular body are two guitar straps. The first is supple worn brown leather, in a conservative width, aged to a fine patina from use and weathering. The second is a woven braid of several dark metals in an intricate pattern. The straps cross his body making an X and they are each attached to a guitar. Both guitars look relatively similar, although the one attached to the metal strap is clearly longer and more worn with use. The longer guitar rests on his back and the neck and head rise over his left shoulder. The shorter, and more familiar guitar, is also on his back but in an infinitely more playable position with the head and neck down and to his right hand. &#xA0;In his left hand he carries a worn wooden case with a faded red butterfly inlaid into the upper lid. On his feet are soft crushed velvet  loafers, in a shade of blue so dark they almost appear black, which look incredibly comfortable but also complete the outfit perfectly. Aside from the guitars and the case he appears to be unarmed and unarmored.<br> <br>&quot;Nice to see you too.&quot;  Quel says in a calmly seductive dulcet baritone.

-Keith U., November 16

---

Nox banks overhead and dive-bombs the berries, leveling the pile and sending a few rolling across the freshly-mended table and onto the floor.<br><br>&quot;Yeah, sure. &#xA0;I don&apos;t think there&apos;s anything special about it&#x2014;they could just as well use a rusty iron spade for offerings, but they gotta show off their wealth somehow. &#xA0;But, anyway, it is well-smithed and made of silver; those both should help for channeling.&quot;<br><br>Rose drops the book a few inches onto the table with a satisfying <em>whump</em>.<br><br>&quot;For you, I&apos;m still Rose. &#xA0;For others... I&apos;m still Tynfi to several people in Afon, I&apos;m Maeve in Gralinth, and I&apos;m Cassandra in Numos. &#xA0;In Heliopis... well, I haven&apos;t been back. &#xA0;I wonder if Grace is welcome there? &#xA0;Anyway, I <em>suppose</em>&#xA0;I have time for an extra student. &#xA0;I have a pretty bare familiarity with mountain legends, but I am good with words, of course.<br><br>&quot;And you know, Celise, if Illyrio finds himself in a pickle because he didn&apos;t have five escape plans and a dagger in his boot, well, we&apos;re a walking, talking, spellcasting band of escape plans right here.&quot;<br><br>A man appears outside. &#xA0;Rose sees this in Ellie&apos;s eyes and turns to look through the doorway.<br><br>&quot;Well, well, well. &#xA0;If it isn&apos;t Quel &apos;two-guitars&apos;... ah, damn it, do you have a surname or something? &#xA0;I don&apos;t think you ever told us. &#xA0;&apos;Two-guitars&apos; really has a ring to it if you do. &#xA0;How are you?&quot;<br>

-Ben, November 16 (edited: November 16)

---

He chuckles at the &quot;two guitars quip&quot;, &quot;I&apos;m well, thank you. I guess I don&apos;t have a surname <em>per se,</em>&#xA0;my full name is Quel Beth which is a play on elvish words from my mothers. Taken literally it means &apos;good voice&apos; which I guess they thought was fitting in my younger years. &apos;Ska, my mentor and best friend, thought I had more than just a voice to offer so, once I enrolled in school and started making friends, he shortened it to simply Quel. After I graduated, and after he died, I just kind of kept using it. Now that I&apos;ve toured around so much under that name it&apos;d be a foolish idea to start calling myself something else. <em>C&apos;est la vie.</em>&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Not to be rude and change the subject too quickly, but did I overhear correctly, did Ellie out-drink a Satyr and rescue some poor people?&quot;

-Keith U., November 16 (edited: November 16)

---

&quot;Well, I wouldn&apos;t say <em>out</em>-drank, Quel-bell. More like I held it together longer than he did.&quot;<br><br>Ellie rises to greet her unexpected guest and motions to a chair for him to sit.<br><br>&quot;We were pretty evenly matched until our third bottles of wine. I suggested a drinking game at that point where, if he won, I would tell him of a festival that has food that rivals the gods feasts and music that makes sirens songs sound like dwarven battle cries. The loser would have to stay with the current orchestra instead. I&apos;ll admit I embellished the festivities a little but he accepted and, of course, &apos;won&apos; by design quite a few drinks later. I divulged the location of the new festival after a bit of theatrics and he swiftly left us with the musicians he had collected from Peltaur. The minstrels were so confused when the spell broke but I think most of them were okay after some tending to their fingers. After that though, you&apos;ll, um, you&apos;ll have to ask Ursi. All those drinks caught up with me and it&apos;s kind of hazy from that point.&quot;<br><br>Ellie blushes, laughs and pours some tea into an empty tea cup.<br><br>&quot;Would you like some tea? I was not expecting you; I thought you were still performing in Heliopis. What brings you to Lylathas?&quot;

-Nicole, November 16 (edited: November 16)

---

Quel accepts the tea graciously and sits down in the indicated chair, careful not to damage is prized possessions while doing so. He sets the odd wooden case next to the chair and sips at the tea contentedly for a moment processing Ellie&apos;s story.<br><br>&quot;I have come to bestow&#xA0;gratitude here on behalf of my school and my students,&quot; Quel responds after a time.<br><br>&quot;During the recent break, one of my students, a particularly gifted flute player, went missing. It&apos;s not in her nature to miss class and several of her professors were concerned about her absence. Naturally they came to me as their headmaster to convey their fears. It&apos;s very common for our students to travel so I wasn&apos;t exceedingly worried but I did the necessary due diligence anyway just to be on the safe side.&quot; He gestures with his free hand flippantly, &quot;I called in her friends and interviewed them, etcetera, it&apos;s all rather dull really. In the end, I learned that she had traveled to this area but before my search began in earnest she returned through our teleportation network. You are correct in indicating that she was physically no worse for wear but she did have a vague memory of a beautiful female moon elf with an ornately carved bow who helped to rescue her and her fellow musicians. The archer was accompanied by a lovely druidesque blond&#xA0;female and a youngish young man. The coincidence was too much to be ignored.&quot; He sips some more tea.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;And so, I decided to come convey the thanks of Rhoads, my college, for your efforts and for your support of musicians.&quot; He carefully places his teacup on the table and leans down to pick up the case. &quot;My mentor, &apos;Ska, and I, are artists in more than one capacity. The guitars I carry on my back are hand made by he and I. While I specialize in guitars, Adanska branched out a little more and would make special instruments for his own amusement.&quot; He opens the case and displays the contents to Ellie, &quot;This viol was made by &apos;Ska before he died. As far as &#xA0;I know, it&apos;s the only one he ever made. You can tell it is a real Adanska by the butterfly inlaid into the body just below the neck. It&apos;s also a bit larger than a normal viol since &apos;Ska was about 6&apos;8&quot; and could wield something a bit bigger than most. Many makers have attempted to copy his butterfly technique but &apos;Ska was a secretive craftsman. His techniques were all but lost with him and the secret behind the stain used to get that particular shade of red is known only to me. The bow is also a masterpiece in its own right. I&apos;ve been told the hair is from a unicorn, probably Charlie, the one I told you all about some time ago, and that it&apos;ll never break or fray.&quot; He closes the case delicately and carefully passes it to Ellie.&#xA0;&quot;I offer this as a gift of thanks to you. I hope that as long as you have it you are reminded of the good you did and the joy that music can bring. May it be a reminder when times are darker and your happiness wanes.&quot;<br><br>He smiles benevolently at Ellie as he bestows his gift and reclaims is tea in order to enjoy the last few mouthfuls.<br><br>

-Keith U., November 16

---

&quot;Quel, you remembered I play the viol?&quot;,&#xA0;Ellie asks with bewilderment. &quot;I don&apos;t know what to say.&quot;<br><br>She accepts the case carefully and sits down to examine the instrument further. Pulling the red viol from the case, she props it against her leg and draws the unicorn-hair bow across the strings. She closes her eyes and plays a few minutes of melody before she rests the instrument back in its case.<br><br>&quot;The butterfly detail is exquisite, the color is unlike anything I have ever seen and the bow might as well be gliding on water. It&apos;s a beautiful gift, and I thank you for it but... are you sure you want to give me the only viol Adanska ever made? This is not something you can replace, even though&#xA0;I appreciate the gratitude from you and your <em>college</em>.&quot;<br><br>Ellie gives Quel a questioning look.<br><br>&quot;Which, by the way, will require some explanation on your part. You are a headmaster now? That&apos;s a far cry from the last time we saw you playing for a crowd in the amphitheater.&quot;

-Nicole, November 16 (edited: November 16)

---

&quot;Of course I remembered!&quot; Quel beams
gallantly, &quot;I remember most people&apos;s musical talents. It&apos;s one of the
things that makes me a suitable headmaster.&quot;<br>
<span style="background-image:  ; background-attachment:  ; background-position:  ; background-repeat: "><br>
He gives
Ellie an appraising look, &quot;You&apos;ve got fairly decent technique too despite
the fact the instrument is over-sized. You&apos;ll get more used to that after a
couple hours of practice.&quot; He sets his empty teacup down on the table with
a cool smile. &quot;And don&apos;t worry about the uniqueness of the gift either.
&apos;Ska created many unique things; some are useful and others aren&apos;t. There&apos;s no
sense in leaving all of it in my storage room collecting dust. Instruments
aren&apos;t meant to be hoarded they&apos;re meant to be played and bring joy to others.
Besides, I&apos;m not exactly an expert at viol. Your skill far surpasses my own in
that regard.&quot;<br>
<br>
His
demeanor becomes pensive, &quot;I suppose, if you truly believe the gift is too
grand, you could leave it to Rhoads, my college, in your will so that it may
return home but, honestly, I would rather you give it to your children if they
learn to play. Genius can only be appreciated if it is shared. Please allow me
to share &apos;Ska&apos;s genius with you and, through you, others.&quot;</span><br><br>He chuckles sweetly at the recollection of Ellie&apos;s account of their last encounter. &quot;Don&apos;t get carried away, I still play, a lot. Mostly to larger crowds now, although the occasional impromptu performance in a local bar still holds a fond place in my heart. To be fair, I rarely play in Heliopis anymore. The civil unrest cause by the mysterious disappearance of the halflings has made it unattractive to play there at the moment. Couple that with the fact that their ampitheater retains a rather large percentage of their ticket prices and well, I have discovered better things to do with my time. The last we met was my first of several shows there. As an encore of my last show I played a a personal twist on an old, but fairly well known, Adanska composition. His music is essentially impossible to play and I&apos;ve never heard anyone else play it. His damn hands were so freaking large that he was able to play intervals no one else could. However, over the past 5 or 10 years I developed somewhat of a workaround to that problem. That was the first time in public I showed off my three handed guitar technique and the first time, to my knowledge, an Adanska song was played in public in well over a decade. Needless to say, after that performance, everyone knew who I am. I parlayed that fame, plus the heap of gold I made, into reopening Rhoads, which was founded by Adanska and where I went to school. The place was in surprisingly good shape, despite having closed down after &apos;Ska&apos;s death and only really needed some quality teachers and talented students. Eventually, after hearing of my pet project, other people singed on to help and now we&apos;ve got a full faculty and several promising young students. Of course they won&apos;t graduate for some time but it&apos;s at least a step in the right direction.&quot;<br><br>&quot;Anyway, enough about me, how are you all doing? I&apos;ve heard vague rumors that a band of people, somewhat matching descriptions of our old adventuring party, battled and slayed a dragon which was thought to be Aheknu. That couldn&apos;t possibly have been you all could it?&quot;, He says with a sly grin.&#xA0;

-Keith U., November 17

---

After helping Celise to her feet and into a chair, Roan felt it was appropriate to catch up their old friend on all of the excitement.<br><br>&quot;Actually, that was very definitely us. And yes, Aheknu was a very despicable blue dragon, so the Order definitely wins that argument. And he unfortunately liked lightning. Much to Ellie&apos;s annoyance.<br><br>&quot;We also had a hand in that disappearing halfling trick, although it would be much more appropriate to save that tale for when Illyrio eventually arrives. However, since that rather infamous battle, we have each traveled separately for a time so that we may follow our own interests. Of which those tales we were just beginning to recount.<br><br>&quot;I had been helping Gwyn to recover from some of Aheknu&apos;s powerful magic, but since she has regained stability I have begun to serve as a messenger for the Order. We&apos;ve been trying to set up a better communications system with other like-minded individuals dedicated to protecting the good things of this world. Perhaps I should suggest Rhoads as a future contact? And other than meeting a lot of new people, I&apos;ve spent my time with my nose in as many books as I can find, and as many that the monks let me. Which I will graciously submit to your tutelage on anything related to literature Rose, and perhaps some magic from Ursi or fighting from Ielenia or Ellie. Although it appears some of the already have a few students of their own.&quot;<br><br>Roan turns to look at Aran (whom he doesn&apos;t remember, nor has been introduced) to quip, &quot;Who are you again?&quot;

-Carolyn M., November 18

---

Celise also waits eagerly to find out who Aran is...

-Charles G., November 19

---

&quot;Oh, who, what? &#xA0;No, couldn&apos;t possibly&#xA0;have been... okay, well, we might have had something to do with it.<br><br>&quot;I got a real kick out of it. &#xA0;After all of those loony cultists kept telling us that their Aheknu was immense and beyond understanding... well, the dragon bled and burned like any other. &#xA0;Is he going to stay dead? &#xA0;Who knows. &#xA0;Still, in the meantime, score one for us.&quot;<br><br>Rose picks up a berry and holds it at arm&apos;s length over the table, rolling it over her fingers and knuckles until Nox alights on her wrist, holding on tight with her hooked-handed wings while seizing the berry with her teeth. &#xA0;Rose folds her arm across her chest to bring Nox in close.<br><br>&quot;Somehow, we got involved in all of that&#xA0;nonsense... all because we got picked out of a crowd in Pwll Glo by someone who thought we&apos;d give the town a good show in a fight. &#xA0;Gods, I remember how angry&#xA0;I was being put on display like that. &#xA0;But, as fate would have it... I might be thankful for it, now.&quot;

-Ben, November 19

---

Ellie smacks her hand on her forehead. First not introducing Ursi to Aranel and now not introducing her brother to her friends... She grabs Aran&apos;s hand and drags him over to stand beside Roan.<br><br>&quot;Aran, this is Roan, Celise, Illyrio&apos;s girlfriend, and Quel. Everyone, this is my little brother, Aran. Remember, I was telling you about his spellwork? Ielenia has been working with him with daggers in addition to his spell lessons to get him ready for adventuring. He&apos;s quite skilled no matter what he tries to tell you.&quot;<br><br>&quot;Ellie,&quot; Aran cautioned, &quot;I&apos;m fairly certain our mother will not allow that. Besides, Ielenia still has many lessons to teach me. Hello Roan. I have heard much about your skills as a protector and warrior. Ellie speaks of your guitar playing as quite enjoyable, Quel. You must play for us before you leave.&quot; He turns to Celise. &quot;Celise, I am sorry for the tragedies that have befallen you but I am excited for the freedom of your people. May the stars shine on a brighter future for all of you.&quot;<br><br>Ellie nodded in approval at Aran&apos;s greetings.<br><br>&quot;Little brother, our mother cannot say no to you, me, Ielenia and Ursi. Add in the protection of Roan, Illyrio and Rose and she will have a hard time arguing. They kept me safe all these months even fighting against dragons and gods; you&apos;re in good hands.&quot;<br><br>Ellie turns to Roan.<br><br>&quot;I would be pleased to help you with any fighting skills if you will return the favor. I love to increase my sparring pool at any chance I can. Especially so I can combat creatures who laugh at my lightning spells.&quot;<br><br>She grumbles at the memory of Aheknu for a minute before smiling in response to Rose.<br><br>&quot;Who would have thought I would have come out of that arena with more than my bow and arrows? Instead, I found my sister, my lover and good friends, along with stories for generations. It is an understatement to say I am indeed thankful for that festival and its games.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, November 19 (edited: November 19)

---

Roan gives Aran a gigantic hug, and gently sets the terrified elf next to his sister.<br><br>&quot;You&apos;re the one Ellie always spoke so highly of! It&apos;s very nice to finally meet you. And yes, its very incredible to think so much has happened in such a short time. That competition was my first challenge since completing my training, and now they send me on missions by myself. None of that could have happened without each of your help. So I am incredibly thankful. And yes! We shall train in the morning! After I clean my armor. I do have to do that. And I should clean up these books.&quot;<br><br>Roan begins clamoring around trying to collect his posetions.

-Carolyn M., November 19

---

Ursinalia stands up in a flash, it looks as if she is speaking to someone. Exactly 6 seconds later 8 tiny pixies appear floating in through the open door and windows. &quot;I wonder, friends, if you could help my dear Roan.&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>The pixies begins to flit around the table and floor picking up the heavy books and stacking them neatly in a pile out of the way. The Pixies fly much slower weighted down by their burdens. Once all of the books are picked up she thanks each pixie kindly and they flutter away the same way they came.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;There Roan, why don&apos;t you just have a seat and leave the cleaning up to us,&quot; Ursinalia gives him a wink, hoping he doesn&apos;t feel embarrassed by his clumsiness. Ursinalia seems to have take to the domestic elven city with all of the grace of a moon druid.&#xA0;

-Amber  F., November 20 (edited: November 20)