Morning comes too soon for Tynfi.<br><br>The crew has finished the adjustments to the sails and the ship&apos;s passengers are welcome back on the main deck to enjoy the fresh morning air and the nascent sunrise, but Tynfi can be found below, sitting alone at a tiny table in the corner of the mess.  She runs her hands through her hair, wondering when her comrades will be awake.

-Ben, April 05 (edited: April 05)

---

Quel deftly rolls out of his hammock, stuffs his pan flute in his waistband, and searches for coffee. On his quest, he notices Tynfi in the corner of the mess. After procuring two strong cups of coffee he tentatively approaches her, dodging the bucket with which she&apos;s been shackled, and with pleasant smile says, &apos;Morning <em>Sunshine,&quot; </em>He shakes his head, pausing in mid sentence and ruefully chuckles at Roan&apos;s fate, &quot;Mind if I join you?&quot; He offers her the cup of coffee he&apos;s located while letting the steam from his cup clear his sinuses. &quot;Seems like this stuff is ok to drink, although it might be a bit more palatable with a shot or three of whisky...&quot;

-Keith U., April 06

---

&quot;Oh, fuck the sun.  Have a seat.... thank you.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi takes an ambitious gulp of the steaming liquid, unbothered by the heat.  She puts the cup down and resumes holding her head with her hands.<br><br>&quot;Hah, <em>palatable.</em>  Did you use that word on purpose?  No... no more whisky for me.&quot;

-Ben, April 06

---

&quot;Eh, suit yourself.&quot; Quel says amicably. &quot;So, how about the past couple of days? That was some crazy shit.&quot; Quel takes a tentative sip of the coffee and finds that it would be better used to mop horse stalls than consume. Still, beggars can&apos;t be choosers. Masking his immense displeasure, he continues to sip the hot liquid in an attempt to cultivate a taste for it. 

-Keith U., April 06

---

&quot;I don&apos;t know.  How many has it been?  This is our second morning at sea, right?  Or third?  I... I haven&apos;t slept.  Since, oh, who the Hell knows.  I wonder if the kid will be okay.  I wonder if the old man will miss us.  We were just in Afon two... three?... days ago, and already it seems like another damn world away.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi shivers.  She fixates on the coffee before her.<br><br>&quot;The kid was <em>dead</em>, Quel.  There was so, <em>so</em> much blood.&quot;<br>

-Ben, April 06

---

Quel stares hollowly into his thick coffee. <br><br>&quot;I know. I&apos;ve been seeing it in my sleep. Who attacks a man while he&apos;s down like that? I thought those religious people were supposed to have some sense of honor. The kid is one of them for gods sake! How could they do that to a comrade? I&apos;m glad I ripped that bastard&apos;s mind apart. He&apos;s sure as hell not coming back.&quot;<br><br>He punctuates this statement, which had come out quite a bit more harsh and cold than intended, with a few sips of coffee, hoping to soften his tone a bit. <br><br>&quot;If only I had been a bit more persuasive maybe I could&apos;ve gotten him to come quietly and the kid could&apos;ve been spared. As it is, who knows if he&apos;ll ever get back to normal?&quot; Quel takes another sip of the coffee and shakes his head. <em>This shit isn&apos;t getting any better with age. Speaking of...<br></em><br><em>&quot;</em>And what&apos;s with the old man?! I realize it was his dream but still how could he just desert us like that?!? I mean, if it wasn&apos;t for him in that last fight we&apos;d probably all have died. What&apos;re we gonna to do without him?&quot; Quel sneers into his coffee and is contemplatively silent.

-Keith U., April 06 (edited: April 06)

---

&quot;How could he, you ask?  Well, it wasn&apos;t that hard, it seems.  Anyway, who the Hell are we to keep a man from doing what he wants, as strange as that thing may be?  Especially when we owe him.  This life... the ships, the orcs, the mortal danger, the blood... the nausea... not for everyone.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi grasps for the coffee and brings it, unsteadily, to her mouth, almost spilling it in the process.  She puts it down and returns to fidgeting.<br><br>&quot;Ughhh.  This... this <em>sucks</em>.  I don&apos;t even remember what normal feels like any more.<br><br>&quot;... I probably deserve it.&quot;

-Ben, April 06

---

Ellie opened her eyes and quickly closed them again.<div><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt"> </p><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt"><em>This is dream. I&#x2019;m going to open my eyes and be in the tavern. Safe and dry and not on a ship. I&#x2019;m dreaming. I&#x2019;m dreaming. I&#x2019;m dreaming.</em></p><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt"> </p><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt">Ellie opened her eyes and sighed as she looked up at the slatted boards of the deck above her. </p><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt"> </p><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt"><em>I&#x2019;m in a nightmare.</em></p><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt"> </p><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt">She laid there for a minute, trying to steel herself to move. The gentle movement of the ship reminded her of just how far she was from land and threatened to keep her bedridden for the entire length of the journey. </p><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt"><em>If you don&apos;t get out of bed, you can&apos;t take the herbs. Get up. Just get up. </em></p><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt">She bolted up and swung her legs out of the hammock and attempted to walk to get a cup of ale. It was closer to a run than she would have liked to let on. She attempted to quickly fill a cup with ale but her hands were already shaking and she splashed some on the floor.</p><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt"><em>Breathe. Deep breath. Breathe</em>.</p><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt">She fiddled in her pouch and pulled out a bunch of herbs that she had obtained from the herbalist before they left and shoved them in her mouth. Ellie anxiously looked around for her sister and noticed Quel and Tynfi drinking at a table. She watched them talking from afar as she swallowed the herbs with the ale. She folded her arms across her middle, beer still in her hand, holding herself while she waited for the herbs to kick in. She closed her eyes. </p><br><em>Just a few minutes. Wait a few minutes and it will be ok. Just a few more minutes...</em></div>

-Nicole, April 06 (edited: April 06)

---

&quot;I&apos;m sorry Tynf, you&apos;re obviously struggling with something but I&apos;m afraid I&apos;m a little too dim witted to figure it out. Care to spell out for me? Or would you prefer that I play you a soothing tune on the ol&apos; panflute here?&quot; <br><br>Quel pulls the pan flute out of his waistband and raises his eyebrows expectantly...

-Keith U., April 06

---

&quot;Don&apos;t,&quot; Illyrio begs. &quot;Just don&apos;t.&quot; His eyes are closed, and he hasn&apos;t yet stirred or given any indication that he is awake. He might have kept up the charade - as much a trick he is playing in himself, as if he could smell comfortably after this week - but the suggestion of a sea shanty is too much. &quot;Considering I&apos;m entretaining the notion of pretending to give up my freedom and my voice once I step off this ship,  I&apos;m going to exercise both now and request a hold on the pan fluting.&quot; Ilyric has been pretty quiet since boarding. It&apos;s not just the enslavement either; it&apos;s that he knows everyone is disappointed in him after his absence at the Citadel. Illyrio, drunk and belligerent, did little to help the situation,  but even a choir boy performance would have fallen short considering Roan&apos;s unexpected demise. Since sobering up, Illyrio had not told his compatriots that his day away from them had not been spent at their inn; it had been a day long trek across the city, with stops in countless taverns, any tavern where he might find information on Celise or her captor. No one wanted to hear about this now; not with Roan speaking backwards,  Mhares give, and Ellie hyperventilating. So Illyrio had say alone on deck debating internally which would be better: sticking out like a sore thumb by pressing his freedon, or fading into the background by pretending to be what his mother was: a slave. Not that he&apos;d said this aloud. &quot;Considering I&apos;m entretaining the notion of pretending to give up my freedom and my voice once I step off this ship,  I&apos;m going to exercise both now and request a hold on the pan fluting&quot; was the longest sentence he&apos;d said in days. 

-Charles G., April 06

---

&quot;El-Ellie?  Have...&quot;<br><br>Before finishing her sentence, Tynfi has a realization and bends over to tip the bucket at her feet.  Once spilled, she sets it upright again.<br><br>&quot;... if you need it.  Or if I need it, for that matter.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi reclines the best she can in the confined space, rubbing her forehead.<br><br>&quot;Like I said, Quel... no more whiskey for me.  Forever.  I... I don&apos;t know.  Fuck.  You don&apos;t get to complain that you might&apos;ve talked down the seeker.  That&apos;s ridiculous.  I&apos;m sure you know how much it pains me to say this, but you&apos;re good at what you do, and it showed.  But me?  I showed up <em>blind fucking drunk</em> and only succeeded in applying my raw talent for fire-setting to the stone walls and floor.  I didn&apos;t even display bare fucking competency as a humanoid being, much less as an <em>adventurer</em> or a <em>witch.</em>  You know what?  The kid told me <em>he trusted me </em>to have his back.  And he fucking <em>died</em> for it.<br><br>&quot;I told him he shouldn&apos;t trust me.  I told him.  But I didn&apos;t know how right I&apos;d be.  I wasn&apos;t ready for that.  So... here I am.  What now?  I&apos;m <em>still</em> not worthy of anybody&apos;s trust, and now I feel like orcshit on top of it.  But for once, I guess I just don&apos;t like it that way.<br><br>&quot;... Are you <em>sure</em> about that, Illyrio?  I&apos;ve been on the western shore; I don&apos;t remember the folks there being given to pan-flutes and other such jollities.  Might want to hear it now while you can.&quot;

-Ben, April 07 (edited: April 07)

---

<em>Think about forests. Trees. <span style="font-size: 16px ; font-family: &quot;corsiva&quot; ; color: rgb( 61 , 133 , 198 ) ; font-weight: bold ; font-style: italic ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap ; background-color: transparent">Boat planks.</span> No! Tall, living trees in a forest. Anywhere but here... Here is not safe. <span style="font-size: 16px ; font-family: &quot;corsiva&quot; ; color: rgb( 61 , 133 , 198 ) ; font-weight: bold ; font-style: italic ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap ; background-color: transparent">But why shouldn&#x2019;t I think about here?</span> Ships are not safe. And I don&#x2019;t want to be here. <span style="font-size: 16px ; font-family: &quot;corsiva&quot; ; color: rgb( 61 , 133 , 198 ) ; font-weight: bold ; font-style: italic ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap ; background-color: transparent">But here is where I am.</span>  I hate the water&#x2026; <span style="font-size: 16px ; font-family: &quot;corsiva&quot; ; color: rgb( 61 , 133 , 198 ) ; font-weight: bold ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap ; background-color: transparent">but why is that important?</span></em><br><br>El-Ellie?&#x201D;<br><br>When Tynfi&#x2019;s voice hit Ellie, it felt like ripples across her consciousness, a single drop falling into an otherwise still lake, interrupting her train of thought. Ellie thought she might like to stay at that lake a little while longer, continue debating with herself over her own potential welfare on a ship, but the moment was ruined and she decided that she would rather be with her comrades. She took Tynfi&#x2019;s words and used them as a ladder to climb out of her own subconscious.<br><br>Ellie&#x2019;s eyes flashed open. As she unfurled her arms from her stomach, she noted the ale still in her hand and took a large drink from the cup. The torrent of rushing liquid made her giggle. She refilled her cup, noting the swirls of the ale.<br><br><i style="color: rgb( 61 , 133 , 198 ) ; font-family: &quot;corsiva&quot; ; font-size: 16px ; font-weight: bold ; white-space: pre-wrap">Look at the eddies, ale eddies, aledies. What if the ocean was ale instead? Would anyone be thirsty? They could just drink the&#x2026; Wasn&#x2019;t I supposed to be going somewhere? Where was I&#x2026; ah.<br></i><br>Ellie remembered Tynfi and Quel in the corner and slowly headed over to them with graceful, almost dancing steps. The mood at the table was a somber one and she felt immediately out of place. She looked from Quel to Tynfi with wide eyes and pulled up a chair.<br><br>&#x201C;H-hello&#x201D;, she said, with a tentative smile.<br>

-Nicole, April 07 (edited: April 07)

---

Quel places his flute haphazardly on the table and surveys Ellie as she approaches. Familiar with drug induced stupors and hazy brain functioning himself, he immediately understood her situation. <em>I guess prescription drugs are just as useful in sufficient quantities.<br><br></em>He greats Ellie with aplomb, enjoying the almost childish demeanor the drugs have unearthed. <em>When she&apos;s like this you can almost tell that she and &apos;Nia are sisters</em>. <br><br><em>&quot;</em>I think you&apos;re being a bit harsh on yourself Tynf.&quot; He says contemplatively with yet another sip of the dreadful coffee. &quot;An awful lot of things had to go almost perfectly wrong to lose Roan. If you analyze it down to minutiae we&apos;re all somewhat at fault to one degree or another. I guess the important thing is that we didn&apos;t lose him for good.&quot;<br><br>With that, he shifts his dreads to the side of his head and rises. Tracing across the room with a little dance to a song in his head, he closes the door to the sleeping chamber where &apos;Rio is still in his hammock. Upon his return to the table, he grabs his flute, perches on the back of his chair, and plays a merry tune for the girls, hoping to ease the black mood in the room. <br><br>**Rolled a crit fail 9 on performance**<br><br>Unfortunately, his technique fails him and he forgets several key notes in each song he attempts. In all, his performance is exceedingly poor for his lofty standards. Stopping after only a few songs in agonized frustration he puts the flute back in his waistband and sits back in the seat of his chair. <em>Guess I&apos;m not in as good of spirits as I thought. </em><br><br>&quot;See Tynf, we all can have bad days at the things we&apos;re naturally talented at. Your bad day just happened to hit at a time that was most unfortunate. The way I look at it though, no harm, no foul. We got the big kid back. He&apos;s been sleeping in there for like 36 hours straight so I imagine he&apos;s doing better than before too. Maybe he&apos;ll be able to string a sentence or two together by time we&apos;re off this thing.&quot;

-Keith U., April 07

---

Tynfi laughs despite herself.<br><br>&quot;You&apos;re a more merciful man than I, Quel.  If you guys get <em>me</em> killed, send my soul across the Great Veil, and then manage to find someone willing to move the Heavens to bring me <em>back </em>across the damn Veil&#x2014;as an aside, that Gwyn was able and willing to do so for Roan was incredible, and we surely won&apos;t will be so lucky in the future&#x2014;after a three-day stint in Hell... it won&apos;t be <em>no harm no foul</em>.<br><br>&quot;Point being... well, I&apos;m glad I just recited my reasons to you, because I can <em>smell</em> the ale and... ugh.  Ellie, please, keep your mug a safe distance away.  I know... hm.  Ellie, I... owe you an apology, for the other night.  You... you were telling me a story, and I was barely able to stay awake.  And there was that moment, when... well, you probably know what I&apos;m talking about.  I&apos;m sorry about that, too.  I can be such a damn fool.&quot;<br><br>She sighs.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m probably going to need to retread this later, aren&apos;t I?&quot;

-Ben, April 07 (edited: April 07)

---

Ellie watched Quel play with rapt attention,  completely oblivious to any errors in the performance.  She was visibly disappointed for it to end. <br><br>Still somewhat lost in the music, Ellie didn&apos;t quite understand how Tynfi wanted her to sit, yet keep the ale away because she was fairly certain that the cup was an extension of her arm. She sat closer to Quel than Tynfi and awkwardly crossed her arm across herself so the cup was as far as away as possible. She pondered Tynfi&apos;s words, her wide eyes staring intently,  looking for something in Tynfi&apos;s face.<br><br>&quot;Roan knew he might die. He told us himself. That it was part of his Oath. He was unafraid. How fortunate we are to have such a protector with us.&quot; Her eyes drifted. <br><br>&quot;Wasn&apos;t I supposed to be his protector? A man&apos;s dying wish, unfufilled, lost on the feathers of a sailing arrow. Sailing through the Veil. Sailing on a ship to judgment in a sea of blood...&quot; <br><br>Ellie whispered to herself,  completely unaware she was still talking outloud. Her eyes drifted toward Tynfi again, and she appeared to remember where she left off.<br><br>&quot;Why will it not be no harm, no foul if we were to bring you back? Will you try to kill us for bringing you  through the Great Veil again? I think I would have found someone to bring you back. &quot;<br>

-Nicole, April 07 (edited: April 07)

---

While she waited for Tynfi to answer her questions, Ellie started singing in elvish. She punctuated the singing with her finger waving in the air.  Her song developed into a rhyme.<br><br>&quot;Apology, lollogy, Tynfiolgy...&quot;<br><br>Ellie started and then laughed heartily once she realized what she had sang. As her laughter subsided, her brow furrowed.<br><br>She looked back at Tynfi and questioned, &quot;So does that mean you don&apos;t remember any of that story?&quot;<br>

-Nicole, April 07

---

&quot;Don&apos;t get me wrong, if somebody is so moved to call me back from the dead, I won&apos;t say no.  But if that somebody were also to blame for my death&#x2014;which, having witnessed one, looks like it&apos;d be pretty damn painful&#x2014;and my subsequent vacation in Hell, they&apos;re not getting off <em>that</em> easy.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi&apos;s pained grimace turns into a rather more sympathetic smile as Ellie lilts through her song.<br><br>&quot;No... I do remember.  I think.  I do hope you weren&apos;t counting on me to forget it.  No, I just... didn&apos;t know... I accused you of hitting on me, Gods dammit.  How narcissistic do I have to be?  Especially after what you told me?  <em>Ugh</em>.&quot;

-Ben, April 07

---

&quot;No... I wasn&apos;t... counting on you to forget. But I probably wouldn&apos;t even have told you that night if we hadn&apos;t been drinking so much.&quot;<br><br>Ellie moved her arm and, with some surprise,  remembered she had ale.  She drank from her cup before continuing. <br><br>&quot;I would have told you eventually. I think... It&apos;s less painful today... so I think I would have... we had a deal anyway so... &quot;<br><br>She drank deeply. <br><br>&quot;To be fair, I told you that story after I...&quot;<br><br>Ellie straightened up and gave Tynfi the same look from the bar, followed by a small smile. She started to sip from her cup but lowered it with a pout and turned it over showing its emptiness. She looked up at Tynfi.<br><br>&quot;How could you have known... partly my fault... I didn&apos;t know it would upset you...&quot;

-Nicole, April 07 (edited: April 07)

---

Quel listens to the passing conversation with mild indifference. He&apos;s heard enough high people talk to learn how to drown out the gibber-jabber. Something catches him oddly though which brings his mind out of its revelry. <br><br>&quot;Tynf, just out of curiosity what makes you think Gwen pulled the kid out of hell? Couldn&apos;t it just as easily have been that he was in heaven, with the little cherubs, playing a harp? Or what about that version where the dead virgin gets to be eternally pleased by 99 women? Why couldn&apos;t he have been there? Not like he got any action while he was here for god&apos;s sake...&quot;<br>

-Keith U., April 07 (edited: April 07)

---

&quot;Ellie!  I don&apos;t deserve a <em>quarter </em>of the charity you&apos;re giving me right now, you goose.&quot;<br><br>Following Quel&apos;s inquiry:<br><br>&quot;I didn&apos;t mean to imply... or maybe I did, but I never really gave any thought... I mean, all I&apos;m certain about is that when my ship sails from this poxy realm, it&apos;s taking me to the lakes of fire and eternal torment and all that.  I try not to think about it too much, because... for example... it makes <em>feeling like this</em> seem like a pretty silly thing to do with my time.<br><br>&quot;So I guess what I&apos;m trying to say is that I never considered an alternative.  Kid sure as shit doesn&apos;t deserve Hell.  Then again, he didn&apos;t deserve to die, either.&quot;<br>

-Ben, April 07 (edited: April 07)

---

&quot;Goose?!&quot; Ellie shrieked. Gales of laughter spilled from her mouth as she pictured herself with wings. She tried to stifle the noise with her hand but, as her ale cup was still firmly gripped in it, the effort proved fruitless. Why had she been so sad a few moments ago? Suddenly, she had the vague notion that Quel was talking to Tynfi about something important but her mind brushed it aside as extraneous. <br><br>Ellie decided that then would be a good time to get some ale. She got up and almost tripped over a bucket. A bucket! For ale! Ellie attempted to pull the bucket with her but it just was not cooperating.  Disgusted, she left it at the table and refilled her cup instead. She danced across the room, spinning to a wonderful melody of panflutes in her head, and wondered if Quel or Tynfi danced. Or if they would dance with each other. The thought threatened to send her into another fit so she bit down hard on her tongue as she approached the table. <br><br>&quot;We already <em>are </em>sailing, Tynfi.&quot; Ellie rolled her eyes knowingly at Quel, &quot;We should have just taken your ship if you own one. But feeling like what is silly?&quot;. The mere thought that Tynfi might reply with something as witty as calling her another animal caused her mouth to tug up on the ends, betraying her wish to appear serious.

-Nicole, April 07 (edited: April 07)

---

Quel chuckles merrily. &quot;Got to give it to the lady, Tynf, that probably would&apos;ve been cheaper. But, since we&apos;re not spending any of our money, I guess that&apos;s really a moot point. Insightful; but moot.&quot;<br><br>He turns his head and looks appraisingly at Ellie, reading her symptoms like a book. Upon finishing his visual examination he turns back to Tynfi. &quot;For this kind of transformation whatever she&apos;s on would have to be pretty potent. I wouldn&apos;t mind having some.&quot; He ended mirthfully. <br><br>&quot;By the way, what&apos;s the short version of these stories you guys told each other? I was kind of occupied that night and couldn&apos;t really hear everything.&quot;

-Keith U., April 08

---

<em>The worst aspect to being resurrected was the dreams. True, the dreams were important. They were the only way he could remember things from before dying. But still, they weren&apos;t pleasant.</em><br><br>When he first woke up, Roan couldn&apos;t remember anything. Or at least he didn&apos;t think he remembered anything. Except he was able to understand  the people who were waiting for him. His &apos;friends&apos;. (That word&apos;s full meaning still eluded him) But they couldn&apos;t understand him, so at first his pleas about asking who he was went unanswered. Thank Mhares for figuring it out. Roan hopes he succeeds as the 10th Seeker. That job, more than the others will become important in the days to come. Very important. He only hopes Mhares is ready for it.<br><br><em>Dying is a lot easier than you think. You&apos;re alive, and possibly writhing in pain one second, and then suddenly everything stops. He saw Mordrot, and his companions fighting. He saw them succeeding and wanted to cheer them on, but no sound came out. Then he realized he was watching the battle unfold from every perspective. Above, below, from Ellie&apos;s perspective and even Mordrot&apos;s point of view. But it only seemed weird when something caught his eye. He was lying on the floor. He was dead. There was no question about it. And he was suddenly sad, not for having died, but because he had not said his good-byes.<br><br></em>A bright flash of light, and he&apos;s laying again in his bunk on the ship. Remembering why he was here, rescuing Celise and finding that book he would never be able to pronounce, was easy. The recent memories were the first to return, after the other ones....<br><br>He awoke to the sound of Quel attempting to play something on the pan flute. Or at least that was what it sounded like. Roan almost laughed. Quel was a great guitar player, but his flute skills seemed a bit rusty. At least, that&apos;s what Roan remembered. Memories are tricky things. Sometimes they come easy, but others are hard. And they never seem to be recalled when he wants them to. He has no full picture of anything, or anyone. And Roan can only remember a few. But these individuals he was with, came the closest. Tynfi, Ellie, Ielenia, Illyrio, and even Quel all stood out in his mind as people he trusted. People he cared about. Although he couldn&apos;t quite recall why, at least his gut agreed with him. And so he decided to follow them wherever they went. He would follow them, and protect them at any cost. After all, it seems that he had already done exactly that.<br><br><em>He slips away once again, to that brief meeting. Roan could feel the pull to return to his body. His body--no--essence resonated with the power of Gwyn&apos;s voice. But he was torn. Why should he return to that world? What would be waiting for him? A shattered Order? His friends seriously injured, or worse dead? He couldn&apos;t stay knowing one of them had died because he had failed them. He failed them by dying. By not being the best defender he could be. His sword couldn&apos;t hit it&apos;s mark, and his shield flew wildly. But when it really mattered, he had just given in to the pain, and let it consume him until he felt nothing.<br><br>&quot;It is not yet your time.&quot; Gwhair stood before Roan, speaking through a weak smile. &quot;You have to return. There is still more for you to do. It was my time to leave that world, but don&apos;t you dare waste my gifts to you. Otherwise I am finding a way to come back and haunt you for eternity.&quot;<br><br>&quot;How would you haunt me if I was still like this too?&quot; Roan queried. &quot;I&apos;m not an expert in, all this... but wouldn&apos;t I still have to return for you to haunt me? I think that might be a counter-productive argument.&quot;<br><br>Gwhair laughed deeply, the way Roan always enjoyed him doing so. Once he caught his breath (is that even necessary?) he responded. &quot;Perhaps you became more intelligent in death, so I can no longer threaten the way I used to. But all joking and threatening aside, you need to go. You can feel the pain in Gwyn&apos;s voice, can&apos;t you? Don&apos;t worry, I&apos;ll be waiting here for you the next time you get here. Someone&apos;s gotta raise hell in the meantime.&quot; Roan laughed at that, but his thoughts lingered on the phrase. Hell didn&apos;t really need any help from Gwhair...<br><br></em>And he was back. These flashbacks were nauseating. Worse than any sea sickness, except perhaps Ellie&apos;s. It worried him how ill she looked. But come to think of it, they all had looked uneasy. Whether it was the ship, or because of him, Roan did not know. It must be very odd to have someone walking around, who looked like a friend but could not talk like your friend, let alone a friend who had been dead for three days. He still worried about that fact, and that maybe some part of his insides had rotten and he just hadn&apos;t noticed yet. Maybe the spell wasn&apos;t powerful enough. Maybe his body is still decaying, but his spirit has been attached. Maybe he&apos;ll drop dead any moment.<br><br>There was nothing he could do if any of that were true. But Gwyn had saved him, so he must put his faith in her that she succeeded fully. But just in case, he will take advantage of every minute that he has. He will make himself a better. He will protect his friends. And he will figure out what it means now that he has seen what he has seen. It just doesn&apos;t quite make sense. At least not yet anyway. The memory still seems out of order, and unfocused as if he viewed it through a fog. But it was important. People need to know. The Order needs to know. But he just didn&apos;t know how to make them believe him, especially not when he didn&apos;t believe it himself...<br><br>Roan jolted awake at the sound of Ellie trying to drag the bucket. That sound pained his ears more than it should have. Perhaps it was just the increased sensitivity he noticed since coming back. It should dissipate soon, or at least he hoped. As well as his speech irregularities. Maybe that had fixed itself. There was only one way of finding out. He stood up and walked over to the table. He took in the anxious looks on his friend&apos;s faces. He nearly lost his nerve. But he took a deep breath and opened his mouth...<br><br>&quot;Kced no drows ym ginsu ecitcarp I nac?&quot;<br><br>Nope, still not back to normal yet. He turned on his heels and quickly ran up to the top side of the ship to find a place to practice without interruptions.<br>

-Carolyn M., April 08 (edited: April 08)

---

Tynfi, one hand still on her forehead, raises her other index finger inquisitively, but is left hanging as Roan bolts for the upper decks.  She puts it down quickly in an attempt to hide just how badly it trembles.<br><br>&quot;... hm.  Ellie, I just don&apos;t feel good.  You should find your sister; she&apos;s less liable to be so much of a raincloud as I am right now.  Or maybe more.  Who knows with that girl.&quot;<br><br>At Quel&apos;s request, her face turns that alarming shade of red again.<br><br>&quot;You get the <em>really</em> short version.  Nothing personal, I promise... I just... can&apos;t believe I told Ellie about Narth in the first place.  I still want to die of embarrassment every time I think about it.  Suffice it to say, I was really rather unkind to someone by the name of Narth who didn&apos;t deserve it.  I&apos;m sure that comes as no surprise to you.&quot;

-Ben, April 08 (edited: April 08)

---

<p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt" id="userscript-userscript-docs-internal-guid-5e9d86c8-9bb8-fe0c-f9ea-a0649587b9b0">Ellie was sure she was missing something. Tynfi was acting very odd and looked just as sick as she felt she might be. But she had been a sailor for years. Obviously her head hurt and she said she wasn&apos;t feeling well. Shouldn&apos;t she be able to help her with that? Ellie tried to brush away the fog in her head that shrouded the coherent thoughts but she just couldn&apos;t make the connection between Tynfi&apos;s actions and what she was saying. The ability to understand drifted away as Roan walked through the room and approached the table.</p><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt">His presence as a living person was  enough but it was his backward speech that brought on the moment of lucidity. As she watched him leave, Ellie felt her emotions clawing her insides, surging through the foggy barrier. They came rushing back, flooding her mind. She sank to her knees, crossed her arms to try to hold herself together and squeezed her eyes closed tightly. </p><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt"><em>Godssake... What if he never gets better? What if he&apos;s stuck being like that forever? How could I have missed those shots? What kind of hunter can&apos;t shoot? He died because I missed. I was supposed to protect him. I missed. I promised to protect him. I watched him die. He died... I can&apos;t.  This is too much. This and the water. There&apos;s so much water.</em></p><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt">The fog started to roll over her thoughts again as the moment passed.</p><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt"><em>How did they get me on this ship? I can&apos;t do this. Water here. Water there. There&apos;s water everywhere... and not a drop I can drink. Water, water everywhere. Splish, splash.</em> She giggled as her thoughts started rhyming.</p><br>Ellie started paying attention to the conversation again. <em>Quel&apos;s voice sounds like sunshine and Tynfi&apos;s like rainclouds. </em>She felt like there was something she wanted to talk about with her fellow adventurers. Tynfi was taking about Narth. She had told her that story. Maybe she would share more stories at some point. She had shared a story too though. Maybe that&apos;s what she had wanted to talk about? She couldn&apos;t remember. <div><br>Ellie opened her eyes and looked up Quel and Tynfi. &quot;We talked about other things too. I thought you said you... &quot; But, with being eye level with the underside of the table,  Tynfi&apos;s tail caught her eye and she didn&apos;t finish her train of thought. </div>

-Nicole, April 08 (edited: April 08)

---

&quot;You thought I said I...?&quot;<br><br>Tynfi waves the tip of her tail to and fro, watching Ellie&apos;s eyes follow.  She allows herself a tiny smile.

-Ben, April 08

---

Quel watches Roan approach with interest. Upon hearing Roan&apos;s still jumbled speech he shrugs his left shoulder slightly and tosses his golden dreads to the opposite side of his head. He rubs his stubbly golden beard in thought for a moment while listening to Tynfi and then later Ellie. <br><br>He notices Ellie watching Tynfi&apos;s tail and chuckles to himself. &quot;Some people are so easy to amuse, eh love?&quot; He makes eye contact with Tynfi and catches her hint of a smirk adding wryly, &quot;And I <em>fully </em>deserved it.&quot;<br><br>Shortly thereafter, he taps Ellie lightly on the shoulder, &quot;<em>Mon&apos;amie</em>, usually when you&apos;re taking large amounts of quality drugs it&apos;s important to drink lots of fluids and eat regularly. Are you hungry or thirsty at all? I see you&apos;ve finished your first ale but have you eaten yet today? I&apos;m starving and thinking about scrounging something up. Would you ladies care to join me?&quot;

-Keith U., April 08 (edited: April 08)

---

Tynfi snickers back.<br><br>&quot;I didn&apos;t mean to imply you didn&apos;t.  Well, until just the other night, anyway.  As for food... you&apos;ll forgive me if I don&apos;t care to stand up right now.  Or eat, really.  But I suppose I <em>should</em>.  If you find something I can keep down, I&apos;ll get your ante next time we play cards.&quot;

-Ben, April 08

---

&quot;...I. Thought. You. Said. You. Remembered. The. Story...&quot; Ellie&apos;s speech was punctuated in the rhythm of the tail waving. Her face was full of delight and she beamed a grin at Tynfi.<br><br>&quot;This is fantastic.&quot; she said to no one in particular and went back to watching the hypnotizing movement of Tynfi&apos;s tail. <br><br>&quot;We shared stories. I thought you said you remembered. I wanted to hear more stories but I fell asleep.&quot; Ellie glanced intermittently at Quel. &quot;I don&apos;t think... I ate? I could eat... I think. You should eat, Tynfi.&quot; <br><br>Her brow furrowed a little and she drank her ale without looking at it. <br><br>&quot;I wanted to talk about something... but I keep forgetting what it is...&quot; <br><br>She shrugged before giving her full attention back to Tynfi&apos;s tail, her eyes moving back and forth.

-Nicole, April 08

---

Tynfi, clearly amused, keeps her tail going.<br><br>&quot;I.  Did.  Say.  That.  And I meant it.  It doesn&apos;t seem like my story to tell, if that&apos;s what you were expecting me to do.  I didn&apos;t know your partner like you did.&quot;

-Ben, April 08

---

Quel&apos;s stomach growls audibly. &quot;Alas, as amusing as this all is, I&apos;m off. Hold that thought, if you can, I&apos;ll be back shortly.&quot;<br><br>He stands smoothly and departs the room for the deck. He steps up on the deck and squints in the bright sunlight. Shielding his eyes until they adjust, he notices Roan some ways off going through his sword progressions closer to the bow. Quel largely ignores him in a effort to be an efficient provider and give the big guy some personal time. He takes a small detour to wander over to the rail of the ship. He breathes in the pungent sea air while staring at, but not seeing, the passing shore and listening to the gentle rushing of the water against the hull. After a few brief moments of solitude his stomach once again reminds him of his need for food. Reluctantly he surveys the deck of the ship for any sign of sustenance. He notices the cook on deck preparing biscuits for the day&apos;s meals near the main mast. Walking over to the man, he procures three helpings of biscuits, cheese, and salted pork with a small pitcher of fresh water. The pork, if you closed your eyes, could <em>almost </em>pass for bacon. <em>I don&apos;t know if that&apos;s a good or bad thing</em>. The biscuits we harder than he expected but at least they weren&apos;t burnt. He carefully balances the three plates, eating utensils, and water. Confident the rations are secure he returns to the mess table and his friends. <br><br>&quot;Don&apos;t know if any of this is edible <em>but</em> if we get attacked by pirates I&apos;m pretty sure we could throw these biscuits at their heads like rocks. I&apos;d probably give them a 1d8 bludgeoning as an improvised weapon.&quot; He slides the plates on the table and then pours equal quantities of water for the girls taking Tynfi&apos;s largely untouched coffee for himself instead of water. &quot;Drink up me hearties, yo ho.&quot;

-Keith U., April 09

---

&quot;No, I wasn&apos;t expecting that... You didn&apos;t know him... I&apos;m not sure you would have liked him. Some days I&apos;m not sure if you like me...&quot; Ellie said softly, her  concentration elsewhere, eyes flicking back and forth. &quot;But I thought he was amazing. Strong. Smart. He made me smile. He used to make lightning arc between his fingers...&quot; She sipped her ale.&quot;Sometimes... I think a piece of me died with him...&quot;<div><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt">She outstretched her hand slowly towards Tynfi&apos;s tail. She was fairly certain she could catch it if she tried. After a pause, she hastily retracted her hand, realizing it would stop moving if she caught it. </p><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt">Ellie looked up suddenly. </p><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt">&quot;What if Gwyn missed the part of Roan&apos;s soul that lets him talk and she had to go back through the Veil to get it? And when she merged the parts, they didn&apos;t merge all the way so his speech is backward?&quot; </p><br><p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38 ; margin-top: 0pt ; margin-bottom: 0pt">She immediately went back to watching Tynfi&apos;s tail swish to and fro. </p><br>&quot;This is so fantastic.&quot; she said, still awestruck with the movement.</div>

-Nicole, April 09 (edited: April 09)

---

&quot;Pork?  <em>Cheese</em>?  Not bad at all<em>.</em>&quot;<br><br>Tynfi tears greedily at the pork with her teeth.<br><br>&quot;Mf.  You&apos;re probably right. Ellie.  He sound great and all, but <em>lightning</em>?  We&apos;d never get along.  As for the kid, well, who the Hell knows?  I think he&apos;ll cope.  Probably.  Running abovedecks to whack the mast with his sword... I&apos;ll take it as a good sign.  Given that this is Roan we&apos;re talking about.&quot;<br>

-Ben, April 09

---

Perplexed for a moment why the lightning would matter to the fire caster, Ellie had a sudden, pressing thought - &quot;Food.&quot; Oh yes, Quel had brought back food. The smell wafted down from the table and Ellie was momentarily sidetracked from her new fascination. She stood up hastily from the floor and found her spot at the table. She looked from her plate to Tynfi - had she always had such pointy, sharp looking teeth? - and then to Quel. After a swift appraisal of the meal, Ellie tore the pork to shreds in moments. The cheese was even less fortunate but the biscuits were spared such a savage end since, based on Quel&apos;s comparison, Ellie was fairly sure she would break a tooth on them. She playfully tossed one at Quel&apos;s head and, feigning innocence, took a sip of her ale. She pointed her finger at Tynfi but her unsuppressed giggles have her away. <br><br>&quot;Of course he&apos;s practicing. Roan is our protector. I&apos;m Roan&apos;s protector.&quot; she stated simply as she wiggled in her chair. <br><br>Finished with her food, Ellie was trying to be covert about ducking her head to look under the table and failing miserably.<br><br><div>&quot;Although not a very good one. I shouldn&apos;t have missed. I mean, what kind of Hunter misses? Twice? And then he died. Died, lied, tried...&quot; Her voice contained mere echoes of the emotions battling inside her, masked by the drugs and her rhyming song.<br></div>

-Nicole, April 11 (edited: April 11)

---

The excitement overtaking Ielenia about seeing the ocean quickly faded the farther away she got from shore. Positively brimming with curiosity about the ocean, Ielenia had spent the beginning of journey leaning over docks and exploring every nook and cranny of the ship. To satisfy her curiosity, she even tried drinking some of the seawater. It really <em>was </em>salty! For a time, she delighted in watching the trees dwindle away to green specks in the distance. When she got bored of watching the shore, she turned from the stern of the boat and slowly the realization dawned on her that she could not go home. She could not run to the tavern, she could not return to the forests, she could not hide between the buildings in alleys. She suddenly felt incredibly exposed. Fleeing below deck to try and calm her nerves, Ielenia didn&apos;t make it down to the bottom of the stairs before she started feeling dizzy and nauseous. Without being able to see her surroundings, the rocking of the ship became overwhelming. Panic overcame her. If she was below deck she could not run. If she was above deck she could not hide. She was not safe. Frozen on the stairs, a sudden lurch of the ship threw her off balance and into a wall. Seeing Roan running towards her, she gave a half-smile and waved feebly as a greeting. Using his momentum as motivation, Ielenia followed him back up the stairs and onto the upper deck.<br><br>Still feeling unsettled, Ielenia suddenly noticed the crow&apos;s nest. A perfect perch to hide out in, unseen by the crew. Scrambling up the rigging as fast as her limbs would take her, Ielenia moved silently over the wall of the nest, deftly lifting the telescope from the pouch of the unsuspecting sailor manning his post. Making her presence known, Ielenia looked through the telescope and offered an attempt at conversation, &quot;Nice view, huh?&quot; Shocked, the sailor gaped at her. &quot;Relax,&quot; she stated, handing back the telescope, &quot;I just needed to get some space.&quot; Resting her forearms on the edge of the basket, she asked suddenly, &quot;Do you play cards?&quot;<br><br>After a few rounds of cards, Ielenia decided that this sailor was good company-if not a good gambler-and that she would make the crow&apos;s nest her home base for the remainder of the journey. Maybe she&apos;d even make a game of stealing various possessions from the rest of the crew to hone some of her skills. Or maybe she would start a gambling circuit in the evenings. Ielenia chuckled. <em>If only Adran could see me now... </em>Laying down in her basket looking up at the sky, she was relaxed by the ship&apos;s gentle rocking. If she only looked at the sky, she could forget she was stranded in the barren waste of ocean. The sky here was the same sky that she had seen in Afon, the same sky she saw in the forests at home. <em>Home, </em>she thought, sighing inwardly. <em>Ellie! </em>She thought, bolting upright. &quot;I&apos;ll be back to take more of your money later Baryl,&quot; she joked as she flung herself over the edge of the crow&apos;s nest.<br><br><br>

-Rachel M., April 11

---

Quel quickly catches the flying biscuit before it hits him in the head. <br><br>&quot;Now Tynfi, why would you go and throw good food at people&apos;s hwads?&quot; He quips playfully. &quot;Any more of that kind of bad behavior infront of our very impressionable Ellie here could result in full scale anarchy and we wouldn&apos;t want any of that now would we?&quot;<br><br>He smiles wickedly and places the rock/biscuit gently on the plate and he eats his food.

-Keith U., April 13