Tynfi, Quel, and Roan were <em>still</em> arguing at the bar when Illyrio returned from the barracks.  Tynfi, naturally, was already a few beers in.<br><br>&quot;I mean, I <em>get </em>it.  You trust her.  That&apos;s fine!  She seems decent!  I&apos;m on board with this!  But Quel&apos;s right; it might not be all it seems.  That&apos;s the thing about trust is that <em>it gets betrayed</em>, and you need to at least have that idea in your head.  Because when it does&#x2014;<em>and someday it will</em>&#x2014;you&apos;re not going to have time to sit down and feel sick about it; you&apos;re going to need to seize back the moment before you find yourself wearing an iron collar and manacles.&quot;<br><br>&quot;And I don&apos;t know about you, but... well, actually, I shouldn&apos;t presume to speak for Quel, either.  We all have our thing.  But manacles aren&apos;t <em>my </em>thing.&quot;

-Ben, March 23 (edited: March 23)

---

Heh, manacles have their time and place Tynf, don&apos;t knock it &apos;til you try it; Just be sure to have a safe word you can pronounce...unlike the damned names of these towns.<br><br>Quel tosses back a double of whisky and shifts his gaze to Roan. <br><br>Kid, you&apos;re free to choose to trust whoever you want. Your heart&apos;s in the right place but I&apos;m sure you&apos;ll find that in this little group most of us are a bit slower to trust outsiders than average. For some of us, I&apos;m sure, that instinct is the only reason we&apos;re still alive. The further you go from the monastery the more you&apos;ll understand that the world you perceive is not the <em>real</em> world. Most people aren&apos;t as straight and upstanding as you are. The sooner you stop projecting your golden-boy personality onto others the safer we&apos;ll all be.  I just hope that you can learn that lesson before something tragic happens to you or one of us. <br><br>Quel turns to Harold and buys the party a round. <br><br>&quot;To dying another day!&quot;

-Keith U., March 23

---

Illyrio shakes his tiny head at his still-debating comrades. &quot;You all paused this spat long enough to tell me I should lead the party to the bank to talk with Seraphina about our missing friend, and then resumed your grumbling, leaving me to conduct the inquiry myself. Shall I venture to say: not cool, bros... As to you self-appointed misfit rebels who get yourself all bristley whenever you are asked to do anything other than drink and scheme,&quot; he nods flippantly at Tynfi and Quel, &quot;you trust where the money is coming from. We&apos;ve all grown quite trusting of Lady Eve and none of us hesitates to hand over notes which seem to implicate her in some shady dealings, and all this because she lives in posh accommodations and pays quite handsomely. Possibly excessively so as to keep us from questioning too much what we do in her employ. I only have so much moral outrage to go around and I reserve it for special occasions, and so make no issue of it; but make no mistake my friends, the only reason you trust the calculating sorceress more than her seemingly noble sister is because the former blinds you with trinkets while the latter appeals to your sense of honor. I understand you because I am you; I too have little need for honor, and much need for capital. But I am thoroughly honest about it. And so I can say in all honesty: Eve is ten times more likely to betray us at her convenience than Gwyn, who has latched on to us of all people in her time of need, the poor soul. I know from betrayal: I have been weaned on it and have suckled at its teat, as the many events that have lead me here and to the knowledge of my mothers whereabouts can attest. Eve provides solid intel and incentives, but only as long as she needs us. Even now I realize that I only know my mother&apos;s location because there is some rare book Eve seeks. Probably some tome that will be used to torture elementals. Had Gwyn known the same information, it would not have been leverage but kindly imparted solace. She sends us to do her bidding because her world is in turmoil. There is danger involved for sure, but there has also been an accumulation of good faith on both sides. At the Goldfoot Branch we would call this a sound transaction. It isn&apos;t as sexy as Eve&apos;s high risk high reward gambles, but I will say once again that the social capital it earns us among people of influence is far more lasting and important than something shiny. Is it risky and a bit pathetic that we ragged travellers have become the chosen mercenary band for a supposedly great Order? Yuuuuuppppp.... But I am done complaining about it because it has kept us in this nice tavern drinking good ale while the rest of Pwll Glo festers outside, waiting to fall victim to kidnappers.&quot;

-Charles G., March 23 (edited: March 23)

---

Tynfi spins around on her barstool to face Illyrio.<br><br>&quot;You know, you could have <em>asked</em>.  And no, I believe you have me mistaken.  You think I <em>trust</em> Eve?  She traffics with wizards who think to bind raw elemental powers to their furniture, and when those wizards vanish for a year, she has us clean up the mess without so much as a word spoken in mourning for her lost &apos;friend&apos;.  That aside from her being some sort of magic &apos;practitioner&apos; herself, of whom I believe I have made my opinion <em>rather</em> clear.<br><br>&quot;So no, I don&apos;t trust her.  But you know what?  You&apos;re right, I trust Gwyn <em>less</em>.  I&apos;ve taken so, <em>so</em> much <em>shit</em> from &apos;Order&apos; and &apos;Justice&apos; types.  They get <em>special</em> scrutiny when they ask for help from a gaggle of fucking wanderers who hang around a fucking <em>witch-devil</em> by their own choice.  One who they&apos;d happily throw in the stocks for making eye contact with the wrong goddamn princeling.  You remember they already fucking tried, right?  Is it so wrong to mistrust their intentions?<br><br>&quot;Gods <em>damn</em> am I ever sick of all the scorn I get for trying to keep my head above water around here.&quot;<br><br>For just a moment, Tynfi&apos;s face betrays surprise at the amount of anger she just let show.  She spins back around to the bar, and her drink, hoping to hide it.

-Ben, March 23

---

Pausing cautiously after Tynfi&apos;s outburst, Quel pounds his mostly empty glass on the table.<br><br>&quot;A rousing set of speeches from two typically so quiet!!!! &quot;Here here!!!&quot;<br><br>He raises his glass in salute to Illyrio and Tynfi and drains the remainder of its contents in one gulp. Placing the glass gently on the bar he says, &quot;Harold my good man, may I have another?&quot;<br><br>Quel takes the next round Harold pours and sips at the cold liquid wistfully; eyes closed. After a few shallow droughts he rounds coolly on Illyrio with a good-natured smile and with impeccably-cloaked intent purrs, &quot;Now please allow me to retort. Make no mistake my friend, you know nothing of me except what I have deemed fit to divulge. There is no guarantee any of what I have said, or done, is true. Your supposed <em>understanding </em>of me is based purely upon shadows. I trust no one, friend or foe, whether their gold or <em>social collateral</em> is good or poor, further than they have given me good cause to. I don&apos;t trust circumstance any further than the inference that it could be dictated by someone supremely more sophisticated and connected than I, is evicted. I don&apos;t trust sentiment at all as it is born from emotion which is the mother of all fuckups. Still, many of you all have given me sufficient reason to trust in you. <em>He nods kindly to Roan and Ellie in turn and takes another sip of whisky. </em>Eve, Gwen, and almost everyone outside this room are all a means to an end. I expect them to treat me the same way and trust me as much as I trust them. <em>Quel leans forward on his stool and continues to Illyrio. </em>Now, my dear friend, please calm down and exercise your considerable social grace. I&apos;ve no doubt that it must be a troubling thing to learn such close members of your family are in such horrible circumstances. Still, that&apos;s no reason to lash out against those of us who&apos;re engaging in civil debate over something totally unrelated.&quot; <br><br>With that, and without moving, he addresses Harold once again.&quot;Harold, a dark ale for my diminutive friend, if you please. He&apos;s had a troublesome day.&quot; He then tilts his glass in Illyrio&apos;s direction before he straightens, turns, and resumes his conversation with Roan and Tynfi. <br><br>&quot;Maybe we got a little office topic here, eh? I mentioned to Tynfi that it&apos;s odd the lady asked <em>us </em>to break and enter rather than a trained burglar squad...there are such things you know. Tynfi agreed and that conversation was swiftly concluded. We then spiraled into the fact that Roan needs to be a bit more discerning, a claim which again has been seconded by Tynfi. I believe Illyrio, and the rest of the group, is fully capable of providing some opinion on both matters. Would anyone else care to join our <em>civil </em>debate regarding Roan&apos;s relative naivete or the outsourcing of a burglary to relative criminal novices?&quot;

-Keith U., March 23 (edited: March 23)

---

Ellie&#x2019;s muscles tense as she watches Tynfi throw her words at Illyrio and then turn back to her drink. She had caught a glimpse of her face just before she turned away but couldn&#x2019;t quite read her expression. The anger and pain was plain enough in her speech though.<br><br>&#x201C;It must be incredibly difficult to have spent your entire life being judged inherently evil upon sight.&#x201D;. Ellie murmured in Tynfi&#x2019;s direction before she turned to the rest of the group.<br><br>&#x201C;Just as I&#x2019;m sure Eve and Gwyn both have enjoyed a lifetime of being appreciated for having beauty and power. However, I believe both Eve and Gwyn are two sides of the same coin. Eve may buy us with her money but Gwyn endears us with her kindness. I&#x2019;m not nearly as jaded as Quel, nor as trusting as Roan. I have been around for too long to think that people&#x2019;s decisions are based solely on good-will. There is always something for them, immediate or down the line. No matter how Gwyn and Eve use our skills, they are buying us. But I think as long as we remember that we are selling ourselves, no matter the price, be it gold, information or their trust, then we are far better off dealing with everyone in this town.&#x201D;<br><br>She sipped her whiskey, trying to relax slightly from the tension of the discussion.<br><br>&#x201C;And I do think we are mistaking trust for cooperation. You can cooperate with just about anyone, especially those who pay you. But trust is reserved for the people who draw their swords and spells to have your back against an Orc horde or,&#x201D; Ellie shudders slightly,&#x201D; a water elemental intent on drowning you.&#x201D;<br>

-Nicole, March 23

---

At first Illyrio is indignant. Tynfi and Quel have proven to be often drunk, greedy or both simultaneously (which of course Illyrio can be also, in addition to being not above some measure of hypocrisy). Mostly Illyrio has trouble hiding his disgust as they dodge in and out of rooms during battle. Most of the time he remembers himself - not everyone is built for close quarters and these two contribute to be sure - but today, with his mother enslaved and Celise missing, he is impetuous and snippy. &quot;Forgive me if I&apos;m a bit teed off, and if my impressions of the party&apos;s priorities are out of whack, since this morning when the redeeming of prizes was involved I could not find a private moment alone, and since this afternoon, when the fate of an innocent, charitable and recently orphaned young woman is in the balance, I suddenly find myself quite alone. To say that I was left in the lurch would be quite an understatement if not for my burgeoning understanding that Celise&apos;s current situation defines &quot;lurching.&quot;&apos;<br>Looking at the beer offered though, and realizing that their responses belied a depth theyve likely had no reason to see in himself, Illyrio turned on his diplomacy. &quot;My assessment is rash and mildly ill-informed but not off-topic Comrades. This is just a variant on a conversation we&apos;ve been having since first we were thrown together in the arena. I like the whole idea of the Order as little as you, Roan and the Old Man obviously excepted, and even acknowledging that Gwyn has been quite accomodating, I won&apos;t forget that this is a system that throws strangers into gladiatorial combat at parties. It&apos;s not about whether we trust them. It is that they so clearly trust us. That trust is valuable for us and we should take pride in it and foster it like a spark that might become a roaring fire. There is no problem in this world that can&apos;t be solved by working with people - not fecklessly and without some self-regard, but there is power in having someone like Gwyn turn to you as a trusted advisor. I&apos;m certain she does have some crack team at the ready to burgle, but with the Order in chaos and with little knowledge as to whom may be against her side, she has turned to us. It has proven to be a mighty fine networking opportunity and has led me closer to my desires. As to our young warrior, I agree that he could afford to be a bit more discerning in whom he trusts - not every Seeker is seeking good as it turns out - but this is his family and family means an awful lot where I come from. They raised him even though they did not need to, and turned him into an upstanding and loyal gent. He has much to learn of the realities of life, but I can never say that I don&apos;t respect his commitment to those he treasures.&quot;

-Charles G., March 23

---

&quot;Also I&apos;m glad I&apos;m not alone in not letting Eve&apos;s abundance wealth blind me to her grander motives. As I&apos;ve said, for the moment I am especially grateful to be in the Eve business, but it might be a shaky business some day, and we&apos;ll need to look for an opportunity to cut and run. I&apos;ve underestimated you two greatly and agree with Ellie that if you&apos;re cooperation can be had, we can use the power and influence being sold to us to trust anyone we choose in the future.&quot;

-Charles G., March 23

---

Quel fetches his drink from the bar and clinks glasses with Illyrio. &quot;That, my man, is exactly what I&apos;m getting at. See, I agree that it is within reason that an individual of Gwyn&apos;s significant influence has a trusted team of professionals at the ready on the off chance their services are required. The fact that she has not contacted them for this particular job could mean many things but the most distilled essence of the situation is that something is amiss. That could be either good or bad for us. Bad because it could be a setup. Good because Gwyn may trust us <em>more</em> than her usual contacts. All these possibilities make me think and wish to have some input from my colleagues. What I&apos;m trying to avoid is unwittingly crashing through a door into a room full of orcs, or water elementals, or mercenaries and dying on the spot. I don&apos;t mind breaking down doors but I <em>do </em>like to have a decent idea of what&apos;s behind them. As for your assessment of Roan, I quite agree. He does not need wholesale change, but only a bit more seasoning.&quot;<br><br>&quot;As for you <em>mon cher</em>,&quot; Quel serenades velvetly as he turns toward Ellie with a boyish grin, &quot;it&apos;s not polite to gloss over direct conversation queues. We were talking about Roan and the oddity of Lady Gwyn&apos;s request. I dare say a woman of your vast experience would be able to recognize when conversation is being consciously directed to a topic that would hopefully insight more <em>meaningful</em> dialog and less, shall we say, conflict, no? Now perhaps you would be so kind as to give us your opinions on those things, or perhaps I presume too much, <em>mon&apos;amie</em>?

-Keith U., March 23

---

Ellie narrows her eyes at Quel, as she takes an extended drink from her whiskey. She sets the cup down slightly harder than she means to.<br><br>&#x201C;Perhaps I couldn&#x2019;t see the direction of the conversation because of your web of silky words, Bard, but I&#x2019;m fairly certain we were discussing Roan&#x2019;s naivet&#xE9; regarding trust, no? And considering recent circumstances, I believe the people that we are led to recently trust are Eve and Gwyn? To clarify,&#x201D; Ellie turns to Roan, &#x201C;I think you are too trusting of Lady Gwyn to think that she won&#x2019;t put us in harms way but I have no issue in cooperating with her as long as we will gain something in return.&#x201D;<br><br>Ellie turns back to Quel. and picks up her drink.<br><br>&#x201C;And as for the burglary, perhaps her usual retainer is otherwise occupied&#x2026; or dead. Since we have apparently become the go-to for all jobs undesirable, why shouldn&#x2019;t we also be tasked with going to steal some items from someone&#x2019;s home? I mean, this will be comparatively mundane when you think about the amount of magic we&#x2019;ve encountered in the past few days.&#x201D;<br><br>She took a drink from her cup and then peered at it, realizing its emptiness.<br><br>&quot;I presume that that is enough of an opinion for us to insight more meaningful conversation?&quot;<br>

-Nicole, March 23

---

Quel&apos;s eyes sparkle and he runs the tip of his finger around the rim of his glass.<br><br>&quot;Yes, perhaps. We already <em>know</em> that we&apos;re going to do the job, whether it&apos;s for money or good will or because one of us has a <em>thing</em> for beautiful women. <em>He smirks in the direction of Illyrio. </em>What we <em>don&apos;t</em> know is what to expect when we get there. I&apos;m not sure if it&apos;s reasonable to think Gwyn would cross us at this stage because it doesn&apos;t appear that we&apos;ve lost our utility to her. In all, we&apos;re secretive and effective. I think our group has proven that much. It may be that she finds us a more preferable alternative to her usual contacts in this circumstance. If that&apos;s the case, perhaps we could charge a higher premium; nothing in this world is free. All I&apos;m saying is the job is something to discuss before we walk into a situation with our pants down. Bearing that in mind, I propose the following:<br><br>We do the job. The three most stealthy of us, myself, Illyrio, and Ellie go in together.  The rest of you watch the street and make sure no one is observing us. Els, Rio, and I will get in the house and once inside, Els will search, Rio will provide the muscle, and I&apos;ll incapacitate anyone/thing we find with a spell q<em>uietly</em>. Once we find anything of note we&apos;ll nab it, wipe the place down, lock the door, and rendezvous back on the street with everyone else so we can return here. If all hell breaks loose we&apos;ll stand and fight together but only as much as we need to run away. Thieves typically aren&apos;t in the business of fighting to the death unless absolutely necessary and we need to appear to be common burglars.&quot;<br><br>He takes a sip of whisky to give the group time to digest his plan. After a moment he says, &quot;Well, if there are no objections, and if no one has any additional sage advice for young Roan, I propose we attempt to enjoy ourselves.&quot;<br><br>After holding the cool glass against his temple for a moment in deep contemplation he turns to Ellie and in his sexiest dolcet baritone begins, &quot;Speaking of <em>meaningful</em>, Els, <em>mon cheri,</em> before we all suddenly fell asleep in camp last night you mentioned that you and your family survived the destruction of Protsvitaly. There&apos;s not many left who can claim that. What have you been doing for the past 200 or more years besides finding naked babies in the woods?&quot; He pauses for effect and turns away slightly to take yet another sip of whisky.  He cracks a devilish smile into his glass after a sideways glance in Ellies&apos; direction before murmuring into the glass to no one in particular, &quot;Seems like an awful long time to be alone or under someone else&apos;s roof for one so independent and beautiful as yourself.&quot; <br><br>He sips his whisky one final time before he places his glass on the bar and waits for what happens next.<br>

-Keith U., March 24 (edited: March 24)

---

Tynfi makes eye contact with Harold to signal her desire for another beer.  While she waits, she stares blankly at the taps behind the counter.<br><br>&quot;Illyrio, I don&apos;t... <em>sigh.</em>  No, never mind.  We&apos;re square.&quot;

-Ben, March 24

---

Ellie stiffened at Quel&#x2019;s comment. Her face contorted with a brief flash of pain before settling into a calm mask.<br><br>&#x201C;Be careful &#x2013; I might become lost in your flattery and lose the direction of the conversation again.&#x201D;<br><br>She motioned to Harold for something else to drink, &#x201C;Anything but whiskey,&#x201D; and settled back on the bar.<br><br>&#x201C;I traveled with traders and hunters for a while. Ran with a few adventuring parties like ours, although none had tieflings with them. I learned to play the viol after a time &#x2013; not as well as your guitar, but well enough. I&#x2019;m sure you have already figured out that I know some herbalism&#x2026;&#x201D;<br><br>She grabbed the drink Harold had given her.<br><br>&#x201C;Oh, and I learned to shoot a bow at some point. That I&apos;m actually quite good at. &#x201D;<br><br>

-Nicole, March 24

---

Once Illyrio entered the argument, there was no way Roan could keep up. He actually had a very difficult time making out words, much less the meaning behind them with how quickly everyone was talking. And when did halflings get such a vocabulary? He guesses that&apos;s what you get for working with a bank for so long. Some of their smarts rub off onto you...<br><br>But something Ellie said caught his attention. &quot;Ellie is right about many things, but in particular that Gwyn&apos;s decisions or requests will likely put us, and especially myself, in harm&apos;s way. But I expect that. That was part of my Oath as a Seeker, and one many of the others have as well. We follow our orders, not because they will lead us to safety, or down an easy path. We follow them because we trust the one giving them, is ordering us to do something for the greater good. Whether that good is defending a city, questing for the Truth, or maintaining the honor of the Order so that it may continue to protect and serve the country of Afon. Our trust comes down to whether or not I think Gwyn is asking me, us, to something to help more people than ourselves. And she has never given me reason to doubt that she cares about a greater good for all peoples. So you are all right that her requests may not be the best for us, but it is what is best for the most number of people.&quot;<br>

-Carolyn M., March 25

---

Tynfi smiles.<br><br>&quot;I see having a death wish is part of your credo.  How does the old man feel about that, I wonder?&quot;<br><br>She receives her beer and knocks back half of it.<br><br>&quot;Mmf.  Just don&apos;t get me killed.  Remember, <em>I&apos;m</em> the only one allowed to get me killed.  Especially if I&apos;m going to continue to be so courteous as to avoid getting you killed.  Even if you&apos;re asking for it.&quot;

-Ben, March 25

---

&quot;Ack.  Harold, some water when you get the chance.  Getting ahead of myself here.&quot;

-Ben, March 25

---

Ellie regarded Roan&apos;s comments carefully. <br><br>&quot;I wondered if I did the right thing bringing you to the abbey. Kept me up at night sometimes... And then you come out with that reasoning and I can&apos;t help but think that it was the right choice. The world had gained a great protector in you,  Roan. I just hope at some point you learn to trust yourself to determine if something is for the greater good, as much as  you trust your friends in the Order.&quot;<br><br> Ellie saw Tynfi throw back that beer and stared.<br><br>&quot;How much can you drink?&quot; she asked incredulously.<br>

-Nicole, March 25

---

&quot;Not enough, I say.  This is only my... fourth.&quot;

-Ben, March 25

---

Ellie snorted and smiled. <br><br>&quot;Only four... I imagine you&apos;ve been drinking since you threw off Marki&apos;s manacles so whatever helps you cope. Perhaps if you drink enough spirits before our next &apos;favor&apos; for Eve, we&apos;ll get to see another unicorn.&quot; <br><br>She eyes the new cup of water Tynfi ordered.<br><br>&quot;I was starting to think you were immune to the stuff.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, March 25

---

&quot;Even birds get tired of the sky,&quot; Roan whispered to himself before gingerly taking his first sip of ale.

-Carolyn M., March 25

---

Ielenia paced back and forth in front of the door to the tavern. <em>I&apos;ll just sneak, in </em>she thought, <em>they won&apos;t even notice I was gone. </em>Stifling her guilt with her best sour face, Ielenia sighed as she reached for the handle, hoping the alcohol on her breath wasn&apos;t too apparent. Throwing the door inward more forcefully than she had intended, Ielenia was lost in the force of her own momentum and manically stumbled her way through the entryway of the tavern, her foot catching on the leg of a chair as she theatrically crashed to the ground.<br><br>A flurry of obscenities flew from Ielenia&apos;s mouth as she scrambled to pull herself into a seated position. Slowly raising her head to risk a glance at the bar, Ielenia met the gazes of her bemused party members. &quot;Gods!&quot; she growled, and kicked the foul chair that had ruined her stealthy entrance across the room, cursing it in every language she knew. Scowling, Ielenia quietly slunk over to the bar, pausing to give a sheepish nod to her companions before attempting to vanish into her bar stool.<br>

-Rachel M., March 26

---

&quot;Ha!  That&apos;ll be a sad day indeed, Ellie.  If I was immune, this&apos;d only be good for...&quot;<br><br><em>Crash</em>.<br><br>&quot;Oh dear.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi appears on a stool next to Ielenia, water in hand.<br><br>&quot;Evening, your highness.  You&apos;re... ah... look, we&apos;ve all run the amateur circuit before.  I bet it&apos;ll make you feel better to imagine me doing what you just did.  So go on, take a moment to do that.  Then, take a deep breath, and just say all the <em>shit </em>that comes to mind.  I can handle it, I promise.&quot;

-Ben, March 26

---

Ellie looked over and saw her sister sprawled on the floor. Alarmed, she followed Tynfi to tend to Ielenia. <br><br>&quot;Sister!&quot; she said, reaching for her shoulder,&quot;Are you alright?&quot;<br><br><em>She hoped she wasn&apos;t injured or hurt, perhaps even-</em><br><br>Ellie looked from her sister to Tynfi, to the water cup and back at her sister and dropped her hand back to her side. An amused look spread across her face.<br><br>&quot;Well, that a was fantastically graceless entry,&quot; she teased. <br><br>&quot;And where have <em>you</em> been?&quot;

-Nicole, March 26

---

Watching the scene unfold, Quel finishes his drink and motions to Harold for another. He slides his now empty class charismatically down the bar to the barkeep with a wink. He then pulls out his pipe, stuffs it with tobacco he purchased earlier in the day, and lights it with the tip of his finger. Taking a deep pull while waiting for his next drink, he revels in the din around him, knowing it will drown out what comes next. As he blows out the smoke in his lungs he leans forward off the bar and whispers sweetly in Ellie&apos;s ear:<br><br>&quot;Saved, it seems, by the ever so convenient entry of your sister, no doubt. Have no fear though, my love, I&apos;ll get you to talk. The others might have been satisfied with your truncated tale but you underestimate me. I <em>know</em> people and I&apos;m a master at reading emotions and conversation. You. Are. Hiding. Something. <em>He brushes her ear with his lips emphasizing his words.</em> Whether it&apos;s for good or for bad I haven&apos;t figured out yet but it would be in your best interest to be forthcoming with this group lest you be deemed a traitor in our midst.&quot; <br><br>Following the brief speech he fluently leans further forward and places his hand gently on the water glass. Using Presdidigitation he chills the water further til the point that frost beings to appear on the glass. With his most endearing expression fixed on Ielenia he coos, &quot;My dear sweet Princess, drink up now the cold will feel exquisite trust me. Now <em>do </em>tell us everything.&quot;<br><br>With that, he retreats to his stool, giving Ellie a telling smirk as he passes, and once there beings to blows smoke rings toward the ceiling with anxious ears.

-Keith U., March 26 (edited: March 26)

---

Tynfi mocks him.  &quot;My <em>dear, sweet</em> Princess.  Quel, you know you have a way of making the sweetest words sound like slime, right?  <em>Shut the fuck up.</em>&quot;

-Ben, March 26

---

Quel narrows his eyes, unscathed by the attack, and coolly takes another long drag from his pipe. He exhales a plume of smoke through his nostrils and chuckles ruefully at Tynfi and with a rakish grin states. &quot;As you wish, <em>mon&apos;amie...&quot;<br><br></em>With that, he ashes the pipe and puts it carefully away. He then hops off his stool, grabs his guitar, and leads the <em>very </em>full pub in a litany of raucous drinking songs while dancing atop the bar, acrobatically skipping over, and around, the full drinks and patrons.

-Keith U., March 26 (edited: March 26)

---

Ellie&apos;s face hardened as Quel whispered in her ear. It took quite a bit of self control not to flinch away from him. As he leapt away to entertain the pub, she let out a small breath that she didn&apos;t realize she had been holding. The pub grew considerably louder and she looked behind her out of the corner of her eye.<br><br>&quot;Not a chance.&quot; Ellie whispered darkly, before turning to nod her thanks to Tynfi and giving her attention back to her sister.

-Nicole, March 26

---

Embarrassed, Ielenia clutched the glass of water and scowled. Sighing, she avoided Ellie&apos;s question by taking a gulp of the water, watching Quel approach out of her peripheries. Noticing Ellie&apos;s discomfort, Ielenia set down her glass and grabbed edge of the bar hard enough to where the whites of her knuckles started to show. Cloying, Quel&apos;s words dripped from his mouth like the condensation down her glass, &quot;Now <em>do </em>tell us everything&quot; he purred.<br><br>Likening his appearance to one of a feral cat on the hunt, Ielenia immediately shot up from her stool, pushing herself away from the bar, the instinct to flee quickly welling within her. As she opened her mouth to make some excuse to leave, she looked past Quel&apos;s leers and saw, <em>really saw</em>, Ellie and Tynfi. <em>They care. </em>Ielenia admitted to herself begrudgingly. <em>Hell, they might even be worried. </em>Closing her mouth, Ielenia slowly sat back down. Her hand shaking lightly, she reached for the beer and gingerly held the glass in her hands. Staring into the ale, it was almost as if she could she her father&apos;s reflection staring back at her. &quot;I&apos;m sorry,&quot; she said softly. To whom she couldn&apos;t be sure. <br><br>Gathering courage, she took a swig of her beer and braced herself on the table. Staring at the floor, Ielenia let her hair fall over her shoulders as she continued, &quot;I.. I wasn&apos;t strong enough. I couldn&apos;t do it. I couldn&apos;t stay.&quot; Turning her head up to search for comfort in Ellie&apos;s face, Ielenia let the words roll forth. &quot;You talked about... you talked about the elven city. The fallen city. Adran said... dad said... he was always so terrified, so scared, so untrusting after the city fell. He told me I could never trust anyone, that eventually someone would return to finish the job and rid the realm of the rest of the elves who should have died in The Cleansing. He said he should have died. He said I should have never been born.&quot; Pausing briefly to avert her gaze again Ielenia began to murmur, &quot;I didn&apos;t believe him. How could I? I only knew him and uncle Rhawon growing up. I.. I wanted to explore. I wanted to see the world beyond the woods. When Adran finally agreed to let us join an adventuring party, we were betrayed. We were abandoned in a burning house and left to die. I was almost killed, but Adran.. he saved me. He killed our captain and brought me back outside, but I couldn&apos;t mend his wounds, the sword was too deep. I couldn&apos;t save him. There was so much blood. If I never had... If I was stronger... It&apos;s all my fault.&quot;<br><br>Attempting to drown the urge to cry with alcohol, Ielenia quickly chugged the remainder of her ale. &quot;Ellie, you talked about the city... and it was thought that there could be fire elementals in the building... I, I just I couldn&apos;t stay. I didn&apos;t change. I&apos;m still not strong enough.&quot; Stifling a small sob, Ielenia began gathering her things. &quot;I&apos;m sorry.&quot; she said gruffly. &quot;I shouldn&apos;t be here.&quot;<br><br><br>

-Rachel M., March 27

---

&quot;Damn, I was hoping you&apos;d finally profess your undying love for me.  Another day.  Now, where in the Nine Hells is it you plan on going?  We&apos;ve got a job to do tonight, and after that, there&apos;s a bed in the back here with your name on it.  I will be <em>very </em>cross if you decide that moping in an alleyway in Gorllewin&#x2014;of all cities&#x2014;is preferable to a little bit of adventure and a good night&apos;s rest.  Especially over... well... hey, we can have a chat later.  Can you stick with us long enough to have it?&quot;

-Ben, March 28 (edited: March 28)

---

As Quel entertains the many patrons of The Brave Warrior with song and dance, he takes the opportunity while away from the group to clear his head. He ponders:<br><br><em>Maybe I&apos;m not as skilled at conveying my sentiments as well as I think. I&apos;m was genuinely concerned back there about &apos;Nia but for some reason Tynf just snapped. What the hell was that slime comment about anyway? <em>There&apos;s no way she could&apos;ve heard my comment to Els...right?<br><br>Was she really concerned about my address to Ielenia?!? </em>I thought chilling the drink would be enough of a sign that I was trying to help and being sincere but <em>apparently </em>that niceness went virtually unnoticed. How could they all not tell that I cared!?!? <br><br>SIGH, I guess I&apos;ll have to be even MORE careful around that Tiefling than I thought the other day. It&apos;s sad that she&apos;s wound up so tight; I think we could get along if she was a little less volatile. I am happy I didn&apos;t rise to her attack though. There&apos;s no need for any more real conflict in our group. We&apos;ve already lost one spellcaster and I don&apos;t think we can afford to lose another. Furthermore, I&apos;ve already been beaten to shit by one person here (</em>by the way my jaw STILL aches Roan) <em>and I really see no sense in getting my ass lit on fire or visited by some dreadful creature she just summons out of thin air. The girl is powerful and it seems like she&apos;s immune to much of my charm. Short of casting a nasty mental spell on her and hauling ass, I think a fight between us would be pretty one sided to my total disadvantage. I also think everyone would throw in with her; 6 against one is tall odds, even for me. <br><br>To that end, sometimes I swear talking is so worthless here. I can&apos;t persuade these guys of anything! Maybe they&apos;re all just thick. Perhaps I should use less flowery language and shorter words; that might convince them that I bear no malice or ill will. Perhaps I could exaggerate my subtle emotional cues some more; that might allow them to perceive my true nature a more accurately. Still, if I&apos;ve got to do those things it stands to reason that I&apos;m conveying my sentiments poorly. <br><br>Sigh, perhaps it IS me. Oh well...<br><br></em>He grimaces faintly while swinging by his ankles from the Chandelier, an old trick that &apos;Ska had taught him, and continues to play for the adoring crowd.

-Keith U., March 28

---

Ellie placed her hand lightly on Ielenia&#x2019;s shoulder, her face creased with concern.<br><br>&#x201C;The burden of Adran&#x2019;s death lays on the heads of his betrayers, not yours.&#x201D; she said as she brushed some hair from Ielenia&#x2019;s face. <br><br>&#x201C;Loss is difficult to bear alone. But you do not have to be strong on your own any longer. I am with you, as is the rest of our party. I understand your pain,&quot; Ellie paused briefly, &quot;and you are stronger than you give yourself credit for.&quot;<br><br>She ended in elvish, &#x201C;You have said that we might be able to trust these people. I am asking you to trust me now, sister. Please stay.&#x201D;<br><br>

-Nicole, March 28

---

Ielenia blinks at Tynfi, clearly not expecting warmth after her confession of weakness. &quot;I..&quot; Ielenia stares, dumbfounded. Deciding the best thing to say would be nothing at all, she nods thankfully and takes another sip of water. &quot;I apologize for the outburst,&quot; she said curtly. &quot;Now tell me, what of this job?&quot;

-Rachel M., March 28

---

Tynfi, surprised by Ielenia&apos;s complete inversion of affect, is unable to hold in a laugh.<br><br>&quot;Haha.  As you wish, your highness.  You&apos;ll like it.  Her Seekerness Gwyn has asked us to see ourselves into the residence of one Twelfth Seeker Ma-whateverhisnamewas.  We&apos;ll be on the lookout for anything <em>damning</em>.  And then we&apos;ll see ourselves out.  Doors and locks aplenty; your kind of thing, I tink.<br><br>&quot;I also think Illyrio has something for us.  Iiiif he&apos;s not too angry with us to let us in on the fun.&quot;<br>

-Ben, March 28

---

&quot;He has to let us come with him, angry or not.&quot; Ellie said, returning to her drink. &quot;If you are talking about obtaining that book, and if it&apos;s anything like clearing out the tower, which I imagine it is since we are dealing with Eve, he will need all the fire power he can get.&quot;<br><br>Ellie looked Tynfi once over. &quot;And fire is something we have <em>plenty</em> of.&quot;

-Nicole, March 30 (edited: March 30)

---

Tynfi leans unsteadily against the bar.  Her eyes widen...<br><br>&quot;Are you...?&quot;<br><br>... and then narrow.  She sits up.<br><br>&quot;You... take that back, <em>elf.</em>&quot;<br>

-Ben, March 30

---

&quot;Eager for a fight, Tynfi? I would have thought you would have needed at least a few more beers before we resort to a brawl.&quot;<br><div>Ellie drained her cup and motioned for two more drinks. When they arrived, she pushed one mostly toward Tynfi and took the other for herself.</div><div><br><div>&quot;I said nothing that wasn&apos;t true. I am surprised you are so defensive about it though.&quot;</div></div>

-Nicole, March 30 (edited: March 30)

---

Mhares sits casually by the hearth reading from his Path of Truth while trying to drown out the arguing. He looks up quickly at a crash to see Ielenia stumbling in. <br><br>He looks back to his book but his mind drifts... <br><br><em>I don&apos;t even know what they are arguing about... How can Roan focus on anything, our Order has been betrayed by not only one of our own but the Twelfth Seeker himself! How can someone turn on his brother like that?  And to think it was  Merdraut in charge of organizing the training of the next generation of seekers. I just can&apos;t fathom the corruption, how far does it go into the Order? Someone needs to get this all sorted out, the Order needs to be mended and sifted and all of the weeds disposed of. Really we need to be teaching our young people other strategies of Seeking the Truth besides just military training. There should be more of the like Roan over there... I wonder if there is anything else I could do for Gwyn, she is one of the good ones for sure, as long as i&apos;ve known her. She really would make a great First Seeker. I wonder if the thought has crossed her mind? I hope it has. Maybe I should bring it up next time we speak. I suppose they will be replacing two offices this time around... This is the opportunity to get some new blood in the Order&apos;s power structure and really make some changes... First things first, find the evidence, arrest  Merdraut, then we&apos;ll see what Gwyn has in store for her future, i&apos;m sure she would listen to some of my suggestions.<br><br></em>He looks back to his tattered old book flipping aimless through the pages not really reading them because he already knows what they say. Finally he turns to the first blank page, there are maybe only a dozen left, and starts scribbling. Inspired with a new idea. Finally.

-Amber  F., March 30 (edited: March 30)

---

&quot;What the... so you&apos;re <em>not</em> hitting on me?  Fine.  Good.  Keep it that way.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi turns to her new beer and nurses it in silence.  <em>Fuck.</em>

-Ben, March 30

---

Ellie cocked her head to the side, regarding Tynfi thoughtfully. <br><br>&#x201C;Not at the moment, no. But then again, you can only tell a tiefling you like her horns so many times.&#x201D;<br><br>She turned back to her beer, picked up the cup and looked at it curiously before drinking from it. <br><br>&#x201C;Although, I don&#x2019;t think being hit on is something you enjoy based on that reaction. The last time I was&#x2026; well, I had... uh, it was a time ago. But it was definitely&#x2026; he was- ah, nevermind. I haven&#x2019;t had enough beers yet. Anyway, it didn&#x2019;t involve a bar fight.&#x201D; <br><br>She abruptly turned her head back to Tynfi, her eyes sparkling, &#x201C;But how about you? Anyone have your interest?&#x201D;<br>

-Nicole, March 30

---

Tynfi blinks.<br><br>&quot;What the fuck is <em>wrong</em> with you?  What is wrong with <em>me</em>?  Msot people backthefuck off when I start... this, but you <em>don&apos;t</em>, and I don&apos;t have teh heart to cut deeper.  When have I <em>ever</em> not had the heart to cut deeper?  <em>Fucking hell</em>, Ellie.  You know, if I talkd that way to yer sister, this bar&apos;s fin floor would be covered in my blood and the roof wuld be on fire, right?  Sorry, Harold.&quot;<br><br><em>Sigh.<br><br>&quot;</em>Fucking... I&apos;m srry, okay?  No, nobody.  And don&apos;t ask any more, you don&apos;t wanna heer more.  And don&apos;t... just don&apos;t... make a pass at me.  <em>Please</em>.  Fuuuuck.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi retreats to her beer.  Halfway through her inadvisably large gulp, she turns her eyes back on Ellie.<br><br>&quot;Although... I might trade a story for a story.&quot;

-Ben, March 30 (edited: March 30)

---

&#x201C;For godssake, Tynfi,&#x201D; Ellie said laughing, as she clapped Tynfi on the back, &#x201C;I&#x2019;m not Quel. Calm down. I&#x2019;m regretting buying you that last beer.&#x201D;<br><br>She swayed on barstool and grabbed the edge of the bar. She frowned slightly.<br><br>&#x201C;I didn&#x2019;t mean to upset you. Just teasing a little.&#x201D;<br><br>She rummaged around in the pouch on her belt and pulled out a few berries. Ellie crushed them between her fingers and dropped them into the ale. <br><br>&#x201C;What type of story do you have in mind? Another tale from the high seas?&#x201D;<br>

-Nicole, March 30

---

&quot;Hah.  Speaking of <em>regret</em>.  There was this time... on deck.  There was a wll-meaning fellow.  Narth.<br><br>&quot;Narth wassn&apos;t so bright, but dammit he was so happy allthe time.  Hoisting, pullin&apos; in sheets, even at the damn oars&#x2014;sailors fuckin&apos; hate the oars&#x2014;big dumm smile on his face.  Annyway, one day I oerslept and someone got him to scrub the decks, which I shoulda been done.  I got... I got alotta shit for that one.  Mostly along the liens of Narth being more usful than I was, and less dangerous for that matter.  The next day I got up, came up on deck, saw him scrubbing away with that big dumb smile, and I let him have it.  &apos;What the <em>fuck</em> are you doing on the half-deck!  <em>Fuck you,</em> Narth, you were probably <em>born </em>in the berth, <em>fucking go there where you belong.</em>&apos;  He looked so confusd... so upset.  That&apos;s when one of the others told me... the half-deck was his thatday.  I was on fucking... spar shuffling duty, or someting.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi&apos;s face has turned a bright shade of red at this point.<br><br>&quot;I... got lashes for that one.  Looked about ready to throw me overboard too, the fuckers.  I think they were &apos;fraid that I&apos;d set the ship on fire.  Sailors fuckin&apos; <em>hate</em> fire.  But... idunno.  I was too... too... Idunno.&quot;<br><br>She sighs.<br><br><em>&quot;</em>Can&apos;t say I&apos;ve ever told that&apos;un before. Notsure I shoulda, notsure I care.  Your turn!&quot;

-Ben, March 31 (edited: March 31)

---

Quel flips himself from hanging to sitting on the chandelier and from his lofty vantage point surveys the pub. He sees Mhares writing in that book he carries. Turning slightly, he sees the girls conversing, although he can only make out about every 5th word through the din he&apos;s leading. From the looks of things Tynf was thinking about taking a swing at Els there for a minute. That girl is wound up tight. Els is usually pretty innocuous. I wonder what she said to get that kind of reaction. Things look a bit calmer now though. Prior to Tynf beginning her story he plays a little quieter and tries to listen in.

-Keith U., March 31

---

The longer Ielenia stayed in Ellie&apos;s company the more her sullenness seemed to seep from her. Dare she say it, she was almost happy to be around the other women in the party. &quot;Come now Tynfi,&quot; Ielenia quipped, &quot;I would be a little more subtle than that if I was going to do you in. Besides,&quot; she continued, leaning over Ellie to get a better look at the tiefling, &quot;now that we know that men like Roan are more your speed, how could I tear two star crossed lovers apart?&quot; Winking and smiling devilishly, Ielenia quickly resumed her seat, putting the safety net of Ellie between herself and a possible blow to the head. Obviously very pleased with herself, Ielenia took a risk by peeking around her sister and adding, &quot;Besides, it&apos;s not like I <em>mind </em>having you around. You&apos;re actually pretty good company.&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., March 31 (edited: March 31)

---

&quot;Could you lean a lil&apos; bit forward, Ellie?  There&apos;s an <em>imp</em> on yer shoulder.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi playfully flashes her overly pointy canines at Ielenia, and then settles back into her seat.<br><br>&quot;Ya know, Princess, the kid would be beter off if we had a go at it and ya killed me.  Oterwise, I gotta convince him to stay away, and he won&apos;t lik <em>that</em> one bit.  But whatcanIsay?  I enjoy <em>your</em> company well enuff that I&apos;d rather you not kill me.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi pauses to stare at her beer.<br><br>&quot;Hm.&quot;

-Ben, March 31

---

Ellie obliged Tynfi by leaning forward slightly, but used the motion to flag down Harold before she resumed her position as a barrier. <br><br>&#x201C;Mhares will be thrilled to hear that your prior death wish has been renounced.&#x201D; Ellie said, as she attempted to liberate the berries from her beer with her fingers. <br><br>

-Nicole, March 31

---

**Rolled a 21 for the performance skill so I&apos;m assuming that&apos;s pretty decent and the people would&apos;ve appreciated it**<br><br>Quel finishes his performance with flurry and somersaults off the chandelier to a large ovation. He leans his guitar against the bar and accepts the double whisky that Harold has left for him there. With a knowing but sheepish smile, he raises the glass in understanding and appreciation of the barkeeper&apos;s salute of his performance and takes a sip. <em>Straight Rye; Excellent vintage;</em> <em>Guess he liked the performance too. Cheers, Harold.</em> <br><br>He turns from the bar and casually saunters through the crowd in the general direction of Mhares, his golden dreads whipping from side to side as his attention is caught by one patron or another. On his way he jokes and smiles with the patrons of the pub and stops occasionally to have a private word or two about his playing. Eventually he reaches the hearth and sits next to Mhares, leaning against the side of the chimney laconically. He waits patiently for Mhares to stop writing for a moment and, taking advantage of the pause, addresses the old man.<br><br>&quot;Mhares,&quot; Quel says in a silky baritone, &quot;you&apos;re exceedingly quiet and I imagine that you like it that way. I&apos;m sorry to impose on you and interrupt your train of thought. If you&apos;d prefer, I&apos;ll head off until you&apos;re in a better position to chat, however, if you have a minute, and it&apos;s not too much trouble, I&apos;d like to ask you about your book there.&quot; He inclines his head at the book in Mhares&apos; hands before continuing. &quot;I remember that Roan has a book as well but his seemed a bit smaller than yours. Newer too; although that&apos;s to be expected. Anyway, how about it?&quot; Quel ends there respectfully and takes another sip of the quality whisky Harold has provided while he waits.

-Keith U., April 01 (edited: April 01)

---

&quot;Well aren&apos;t you <em>percetipive</em>, Ellie.  I only I could steeal that from you, maaybe I&apos;d kno what maeks all o&apos; you <em>tick</em>.  Like, whaat&apos;s it liek knowin you&apos;ll outlive most ofus by... centuries?&quot;

-Ben, April 02

---

At hearing has name Mhares
looks up to find Quel in front of him. <br>

<br>

&#x201C; Ah hello Quel,&#x201D; Mhares
pauses for a moment then continues. <br>

&#x201C; I apologize, I don&#x2019;t mean to be
rude by being so quiet... this is my Path of Truth, everyone in the Order is given one when they
join. See, we realized long ago that Aheknu was only a dragon and not truly
worthy of our worship but that left us with the problem of no longer having a God truly worthy of being worshiped. So now we are seeking the Truth of the matter. We are tasked to go out into the world and observe the order of things. We believe in order, the order of things will lead to the discovery of the Truth.&quot; <br><br>Mhares makes another short pause before continuing, &quot;These are my life&apos;s discoveries, my life&apos;s observations of the order of the world as i&apos;ve seen it, my guesses at what is actually the Truth, and my plans for the continued search. I have lived a time and have made many entries in the book. Roan&apos;s Path has just begun so yes his book is newer, this is why the journal is called such, as you continue through life your path brings you closer to the Truth. Eventually when we all die we will be shown the Truth in death which is joyous, but then we cannot share it with those not yet dead. The goal of the seekers is to find it before death so everyone may rejoice and the Truth can be shared among the living. The journals together provide a collective knowledge of the minds of all of the Seekers.&quot; <br>

-Amber  F., April 02

---

Quel flashes a boyish grin, &quot;No need to apologize, I usually can talk enough for the two of us!&quot; He chuckles good naturedly at himself and takes another sip of whisky before saying to no one in particular, &quot;I miss playing for a group of people. There&apos;s just something about it...&quot; He trails off whistfully but then, as if suddenly remembering Mhares and the conversation they were having, he shakes his head quickly and says, &quot;Writing your observations and talking about them with your Seeker buddies doesn&apos;t sound all that different from what we Bards do. Continuing along that line of thought, almost every Bard I&apos;ve ever met has a favorite song they&apos;ve heard and learned to play. Do you have a favorite entry you&apos;ve made or observation you&apos;ve recorded over the years that your friends have found particularly valuable?&quot;

-Keith U., April 02

---

Ielenia frowns at Tynfi&apos;s comment about outliving her comrades. Jumping into conversation in an unnecessary attempt to protect her sister from a potentially uncomfortable situation she started, &quot;Our lives may be longer, but you have to remember that Ellie and I are both young as far as elves are concerned. It wasn&apos;t 25 years ago that I accepted my adult name. You likely have just about as much knowledge of old age as we do.&quot; Ielenia paused contemplatively, not having given the topic much thought before. &quot;I suppose that&apos;s why many elves choose to remain in their own cities. Your lives are fleeting, but that doesn&apos;t make your presence in our own any less important. It&apos;s never easy to lose a friend.&quot; <br>

-Rachel M., April 02