<div>While Quel and Roan shout their victory to the blue skies above and Ielenia kicks at the dismembered remains of the rock creatures, Tynfi unlatches her pack and sets herself down&#x2014;gingerly&#x2014;on the grassy slope, wincing as her bruised ribs begin to throb.  Before unrolling her bed and making herself comfortable, she pops her flask and takes a much-needed pull.<br><br>Which reminds her of something.<br><br>&quot;Hey!  Roan!  Kiddo!  When you&apos;re done with... uh... <em>that</em>... come over here.  Wanna have a chat.&quot;<br></div>

-Ben, February 22 (edited: February 23)

---

Quel overhears Tynfi calling Roan but pretends not to have heard. This &quot;chat&quot; might be a rich subject for a nice new post battle triumph ballad; Brawny and the Beast...huh...that does kind of have a nice ring to it. It could be somewhat enigmatic too as either one of them could pass for beastly depending on the listeners personal disposition...<em>most </em>intriguing...<br><br>Still wrapped in his thoughts, he climbs on top of the head of one of the rock creatures, plops down, whips out his guitar, and begins mindlessly working through a simple warm up routine. While warming up he grabs a small rock, which turns out to be an eyeball, and lobs it in the direction of Ielenia without missing a note in the progression and wonders to himself, &quot;where&apos;s grandpa, short stuff, the quiet one, and the Ranger gone off to...?&quot;

-Keith U., February 23 (edited: February 23)

---

Ellie walked between the two piles of rubble and sifted around the remains of the elemental creatures for her arrows. She hoped to recover them since she had a feeling that they would be needed in the near future. She noted Tynfi relaxing with a flask, Ielenia dancing and Quel perched on top of the one the rock heads and smiled with amusement. A deserved rest to accompany a hard won battle. <br><br>But before she joined her party, she wanted to get a lay of where they were setting up camp. Her senses were sharpened from years of wandering forests and she never relaxed before a quick survey of the area around camp. Hopefully that survey would find something for all of them to eat. And possibly new plant ingredients for more hangovers.<br><br>&quot;Anyone hungry?&quot;, she shouted over Quel&apos;s guitar playing, &quot;I&apos;m going to see what is around this place.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, February 25

---

&quot;Mm.  Always!  Think there are any boar around here?&quot;

-Ben, February 25

---

Having come to his senses after his battle lust has been quenched, Roan becomes vividly aware of the headache still pounding between his eyes. Reckoning that Tynfi wants to lecture him on his drinking habits - again - (Seriously, why is she the one telling him to tone it down? And how does she manage to drink that much and accurately cast spells anyway?) and a subsequent round of attacks at his masculinity by Quel, he tries to push past his aches and pains while emphatically falling to the ground near Tynfi&apos;s feet. After rolling onto his back and staring blankly into the sky for a few minutes, he lets out a sigh of exhaustion almost equal in strength to his battle cry. The following pause in guitar playing brings a smile to his face. Roan thinks to himself, at least sometimes I can still scare him.<br><br>He takes out his water flask and drinks generously before stating, &quot;Don&apos;t tell me you&apos;re the one who burned the tree Ellie found me in.&quot;<br><br>Roan pauses briefly for an immediate response before turning to her and continuing, &quot;It took some time but I&apos;ve remembered everything from THAT night. And I&apos;m beginning to get suspicious that we all seem to be related to each other&apos;s pasts, or futures. These circumstances are too much to have solely been coincidence. It&apos;s almost as if this has been planned ahead of time. For my taste there is just too much.............. damn. What is that word my teach taught me? I think it started with an &apos;s&apos;&quot;.<br><br>Roan proceeds to pull out a small notebook from his pack and furiously searches the pages while muttering words under his breath. &quot;symbiotic, no.......existential, no........circumstantial, closer.....&quot;

-Carolyn M., February 25

---

&quot;Say what?  That&apos;s... no, not likely.  What, I was probably a six year old child at the time?  The whole... setting fires... thing didn&apos;t start until I was twelve or so.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi sits up on her knees.<br><br>&quot;Anyway, I think the word you&apos;re looking for is &apos;synchronicity,&apos; and... you believe what you want about that.  What I wanted to ask about was... how are you feeling?  About the other night?  No, I know you feel physically like trash.  I want you to tell me how you feel <em>about</em> it.&quot;<br><br>

-Ben, February 26

---

The resulting pause in guitar playing was <em>NOT </em>due to Quel being fearful of anything but rather him exercising his mischevious side. When Roan sighed Quel lobbed yet another &quot;Reyeball&quot; in an attempt to get it into Roan&apos;s gaping maw. The small rock flew tantilizingly through the air and as Quel watched he smiled with manic glee because he knew his aim was true. Before the rock hit its mark, Quel, moving quickly to disguise his roll in the prank, spun in place but knew he couldn&apos;t continue to play while doing so. Upon landing the spin, which nobody appeared to notice, he pretended to take a covert snort off the back of his hand. <br><br><br>**Snfffffffftttt**<br><br><br>&quot;Hey short stuff, let&apos;s go grab some wood for the fire. We&apos;ve got to cook this boar that Ranger Els is going to find somehow. You in?&quot;

-Keith U., February 26

---

&quot;Hmm, probably no boar around here but I&apos;m sure I could find some rabbits... maybe a fox or two. I assume Tynfi will be responsible for the fire making when Quel and Illyrio get back?&quot; Ellie raised a questioning eyebrow in Tynfi&apos;s direction.

-Nicole, February 26

---

&quot;I think it was actually &apos;serendipitous&apos;, but I like your word better. I&apos;m writing that one down.&quot;<br><br>Roan sits abnormally quiet while visibly struggling to spell &apos;synchronicity&apos;.<br><br>&quot;His name was Gwhair. He was the first captain to train me. He would have liked all of you. And I think you all would have liked him. If nothing else, he could keep up with your drinking.&quot; Roan pauses until he stops giggling.<br><br>&quot;Joining the Order. They prepare you for the possibility that you may die. That the man you stand next to you may die. Frankly, they prepare you to understand that everyone dies, eventually. And then you get put into that position where you watch your comrades fall. And no matter how trained you are, you just forget how you are supposed to react. But of all the men I trained with or under, I never expected him to go first. Let alone in that way. It was a noble death, but there shouldn&apos;t be a need for such sacrifice. We protect people yes, but why must they need protection in the first place? Creatures killing other creatures for what? Land? Money? Just because they are different? Maybe it was because I was raised in a monastery, but if you asked me, any life has value enough to leave it be. Not to be struck down by warring peoples or controlled by some higher being which cares nothing for their personal welfare. That was why he, Gwhair, was going to become the Third Seeker. To change things for the better. For all peoples. And to make the Order stop being whatever it wasn&apos;t meant to be.&quot;<br><br>His face reddens, and he manages to stammer &quot;Forget that last part, do you think Ellie might need some help? I think she might need some help. I am going to go help her now.&quot; And tries, unsuccessfully to jump to his feet.

-Carolyn M., February 26

---

Roan also did not notice the rock Quel sent his direction, because it was too small for him to feel it.

-Carolyn M., February 26

---

Tynfi waves at Ellie as if to say, &quot;yeah, yeah, I&apos;ll take care of the fire.&quot;<br><br>Turning to Roan...<br><br>&quot;No, you&apos;re staying right here, kiddo.  Whether you like it or not, it seems.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi pauses for a moment.<br><br>&quot;I hope you know that what you&apos;re going through... sucks.  It sucks to have someone and lose them.  And you&apos;re having a very human reaction to that.  Don&apos;t let anybody tell you otherwise, like you&apos;re supposed to be a statue or put on a big act where you shed a single tear and then hold a twelve-night vigil.  Twelve-night vigils are just a noble way to starve to death.  So get out and have some fun, and don&apos;t let anyone tell you what you can and can&apos;t do.  <em>They</em> didn&apos;t know Gwhair all their lives just to see him march to his death, right?<br><br>&quot;And don&apos;t worry kid, about... whatever it is you&apos;re worried about.  It&apos;s not like you&apos;re going to sour me on the Order.&quot;<br>

-Ben, February 26

---

Ellie went off to hunt for some dinner and came back not too long after with belt full of rabbits and a few foxes. <br><br>&quot;Dinner time! And I have something for your aches as well...&quot; She trailed off as she noticed Tynfi and Roan in deep conversation. She managed to overhear the end of the conversation and recognized the name Gwhair.<br><br>She spoke softly so as not to antagonize Roan and risk more fist swinging.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m sorry for the loss of your friend. I was able to speak with Gwhair for moment before we left the fort. He was an honorable man, only concerned for you and not for his own fate. His last words to me were to watch over you. Know that he loved you deeply, Roan. I wish that we had met under other circumstances - I believe we would have gotten along well.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, February 27

---

Quel returns with a pile of wood for the fire and places each piece with care in a teepee formation.<br><br>He plops down next to the soon to be fire laconically and pulls out an ornate hand-carved pipe for smoking. He looks inquistatively at Tynfi and indicating his pipe, says, &quot;Hey Horntail, you got a light? I haven&apos;t had a good toke in ages.&quot;<br><br>Glancing hopefully at Ellie he drawls &quot;Oh and by the way, Els, next time you&apos;re in the forrest would you mind looking for a couple of other <em>things </em>for me? For strictly medicinal purposes of course...&quot; his voice trails off with a wink and smirk.<br><br>As his smirk fades while gazing at the sky his demeanor changes from lighthearted to serious. He turns and looks towards Roan and says, &quot;Roan, I&apos;ve been thinking about everything back at the fort. I&apos;d like to write a balad about those great men and women so that their sacrifice and loyalty are never forgotten. Writing songs and giving inspiration is all I know, and it&apos;s practically the only thing I&apos;m good at which is mentionable in good company. That&apos;s why I performed for the fort that night. I was only hoping to lighten the mood a bit and inspire the brave souls who stayed. I have a little problem though, see, because I don&apos;t know much about all of them. With that in mind, I might need a little help with the cast and characters, ya savvy? Care to give me a hand?&quot;

-Keith U., February 27

---

Tynfi stands up, takes a few steps back from the wooden pyre, and casts fire bolt to set it alight.<br><br>She smirks sideways at Quel.<br><br>&quot;You wanna light? Hold still for a moment...&quot;<br>

-Ben, March 01

---

&quot;Easy there doll, I&apos;m just as much of a Sub as the next guy, but honstley love, it&apos;s just that I was hoping for something a little more...how to put this...accurate. See, even at the best of times you&apos;ve got a hard time hitting something the size of those rock golems. You pack a punch, I&apos;ll give you that, but precision doesn&apos;t really appear to be your strong suit. Besides, I&apos;m mostly dead over here and I see no reason for us to go all the way just yet...we barely know each other. Let&apos;s at least have some foreplay first. A simple burning hands &apos;ll do it don&apos;t ya think?!?&quot;

-Keith U., March 02

---

Tynfi&apos;s sighs.<br><br>&quot;I don&apos;t know any parlor tricks, Quel.  I know sorcery.  I have this... geyser of flame, and every time I uncork it, I can never be sure that I&apos;ll be able to stop it up again.<br><br>&quot;So, no, I can&apos;t give you a light, not without probably setting you on fire in the process.  Goes without saying that it&apos;s a tempting thought, loverboy, but you should probably just light the damn pipe yourself.&quot;

-Ben, March 02

---

Ellie got close to the fire and poured water from her flask into a tin and set it by the fire to heat. She took a few berries out of a pouch on her belt and, after grinding them against some rocks, dumped them in the water. She found a fairly flat rock and started skinning the rabbits with a skilled hand. <br><br>&quot;How long have you been using fire magic anyway?&quot; She set the meat on a stick to cook, started wiping the blood from her blade and turned toward Tynfi. &quot;I mean, shouldn&apos;t you have some control over it at this point?&quot;<br>

-Nicole, March 02

---

&quot;Thirteen years.  No.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi sits back down.  Her tail twitches uncomfortably.<br>

-Ben, March 02

---

Ellie eyes flickered from Tynfi&apos;s twitching tail to her face. <br><br>&quot;Thirteen years is not that long.&quot; She turned back to the fire and poured some of the now simmering water into a cup, passing it Tynfi when it was full. &quot;Here, drink this tea. It will help with the muscle aches.<br><br>&quot;Anyway, no one expects mastery in thirteen years... it&apos;s just not that long. Did you have a mentor back in... well, I&apos;m not even sure where you&apos;re from to be honest. But someone helped you control that inferno when you first got your powers, right?&quot; Ellie sat next to the fire with her own cup of tea, leaving her question hanging in the air. 

-Nicole, March 03

---

Tynfi receives the tea, sniffs at it, and takes a tiny sip.<br><br>&quot;No.&quot;<br><br>A pause.  She finds her flask and adds a splash to the tea.<br><br>&quot;I never thought of it as something to be learned.  It&apos;s something I <em>have</em>.  Like I have horns, or you have pointy ears.  And like the horns, I&apos;m better off hiding it when I can.  Hell knows you&apos;ve gotta be pretty strange to run with a witch.  Stranger still to sleep as soundly as you folk seem to.&quot;<br>

-Ben, March 03

---

(Rewind)<br><br>Ielenia idly shifted her gaze as she noticed a pebble bouncing about a foot away from her. <em>Idiot, </em>she thought to herself as she caught Quel hurrying back to his warm-ups. A migraine was beginning to roll in like a storm cloud behind Ielenia&apos;s eyes. Annoyed, Ielenia began trudging over to the darkest and quietest area of the camp. For the most part she could handle the physical pain of battle, but the migraines she never could quite get a grip on. Through the haze of her pain she made out Ellie muttering something about food and herbs. Despite herself, a small smile spread across her lips as she gingerly lowered herself down to the ground. <em>Sweet sister. </em>Ielenia thought. <em>Always looking out for our welfare. <br></em><br>After she assured herself that everyone was caught up in their own conversations, Ielenia took a small but exquisitely carved pipe out of her side pouch. The once intricate features had been worn down from her touch over the years, but the shapes of vines and flowers were still discernible along its body. Lovingly tracing the familiar patterns, Ielenia stared down longingly at the pipe in her hands. For a moment, her pain seemed to fade away as she let her mind wander back to images of an energetic child leaping deftly across the forest floor. Remembering his face as if it were yesterday, Ielenia watched her father turn around, a huge grin spreading across his face as he captured Ielenia mid-flight and lifted her into the air above his head, her back brushing the low-hanging branches of a nearby tree. A whisper on the wind, Ielenia murmured at nothing in particular, &quot;I&apos;m sorry Adran. I couldn&apos;t do it. I&apos;m just not strong enough.&quot;<br><br>A sharp pang in her heart ripped Ielenia away from the sanctuary of her day dreams and threw her full force into the raging current of her migraine. Quickly pinching the bridge of her nose in a failing attempt to keep tears from welling up in her eyes, Ielenia pushed the pipe back into her pouch and haphazardly raised herself to her feet. The scent of tea and fresh rabbit drifted over lazily on the wind. <em>Ellie! </em>Ielenia screamed in her head, the sounds not quite making it out of her mouth. With a groan, Ielenia cradled her head in one of her hands and stumbled over to the fire, desperately reaching out to Ellie for some of the medicinal tea.<br>

-Rachel M., March 03 (edited: March 03)

---

&quot;But the way things look, are often the most deceiving.&quot;<br><br>Roan seems to come out of a deep thought rather abruptly, as if his mind was on another plane of existence. Tynfi&apos;s story intrigued him that greatly.<br><br>&quot;I don&apos;t have much experience with spell casters outside of the other clerics and Paladins in the Order. Is your story &apos;normal&apos; where you come from?&quot; 

-Carolyn M., March 03

---

&quot;Where have you been?  No, I dare say this isn&apos;t normal.  Gods, there&apos;s a scary thought.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi fidgets and sips at her mixed tea, avoiding eye contact.<br><br>&quot;You two are the first to ever ask about it.  I&apos;m... not sure what to make of that.  I&apos;m not sure I want to talk about it.&quot;<br>

-Ben, March 03

---

&quot;Well, maybe if you stopped putting so much focus into hiding what you are, you would be able to put more focus into using and controlling your magic.&quot; <br><br>Ellie plucked the rabbit skewers from the fire and checked the meat - it smelled delicious and was slightly charred on the outside. She passed the skewers to Roan, Quel and Tynfi, realizing that there was still plenty to go around for seconds. She also reached on to the outside of the pyre and grabbed a long stick with some flame on the end and passed it to Quel.<br><br>&quot;That will have to make do for a light for now. We&apos;ll talk about your... herbal request later.&quot; <br><br>Turning back to Tynfi, Ellie popped a piece of rabbit meat into her mouth. &quot;How not normal is a tiefling with fire magic abilities? Actually, hold that thought, I&apos;m sure Ielenia will want to hear this too. Has anyone seen her recent-&quot; <br><br>She stopped short as Ielenia found her way to the fire. Ellie&apos;s face lit up as she saw her sister, but the joy quickly turned to concern as she noticed her cradling her head in her hands. Ellie leapt to her feet and took her sister&apos;s arm. <br><br>&quot;Ielenia...&quot; she said softly as she helped her sit by the fire. She poured some tea and held Ielenia&apos;s hands on the cup. &quot;Drink this, it should help the pain.&quot; She sat beside her sister, worry creasing her face, and turned back to face Tynfi.<br><br>&quot;And, as I told you when we first met, I like your horns.&quot;

-Nicole, March 03

---

Quel takes the burning stick from Ellie, lights up, and puts it carefully back in the fire. He sits back down in his spot and takes a couple of long drags on the pipe. Exhaling, he blows several perfect smoke rings in succession. Closing his eyes in revelry, he takes another long pull on pipe and exhales slowly through his nose. Examining his other hand he turns his attention to the rabbit Ellie has provided. Feeling suddenly famished, he devours the rabbit in short order. <br><br>&quot;Man, that is some of the best rabbit I&apos;ve ever eaten after blowing up rock golems. Thanks babe.&quot;<br><br>&quot;Princess, don&apos;t know if you can hear me or if the world&apos;s making sense at the moment, but, for what it&apos;s worth, sorry I had to hit you with that last thunderwave. I couldn&apos;t get anywhere else where I could hit both of those things.&quot; He winks at Ielenia, &quot;If your ears are still ringing I know a good trick that might help...&quot; Knowing the wrath of more than one gorgeous elf could be aroused with that quip he smoothly vacates his place near the fire to dispose of his rabbit bones in an area far enough away from camp so as not to attract any dangerous beasts.<br><br>After disposing of the rabbit bones, he returns to gazing into the fire. Lost in thought, he mindlessly continues to smoke his pipe and resumes playing soft music on his guitar while humming a soothing nameless tune under his breath.

-Keith U., March 03 (edited: March 03)

---

Ielenia immediately downs the cup of tea and promptly refills her cup. Smiling graciously at Ellie, Ielenia nestles down at her sister&apos;s side as she makes short work of her next round. The pain subsides to a dull ache. <br><br>A trace of amusement briefly flickers across Ielenia&apos;s face as Quel settles back into his characteristic flirtatious attitude. <br><br>After he leaves the fire, Ielenia gently lowers her head to rest on Ellie&apos;s shoulder. &quot;Ellie,&quot; she says softly in elvish. &quot;These people... maybe they are not so bad. Do you think... maybe... it is alright to trust them? I think... I think I&apos;d like to try.&quot; Feeling suspiciously at peace basking in the warmth of the fire, Ielenia moves a hand to rest on her hip pouch and slowly allows her eyes to drift shut.<br>

-Rachel M., March 03 (edited: March 03)

---

&quot;Perhaps, sister...&quot; Ellie replied in elvish. &quot;Perhaps.&quot; She leaned her head against Ielenia&apos;s softly. After a few moments, she delicately moved Ielenia until her head rested on her lap. Hopefully, she would remain at peace for the time being. <br><br>She poured more tea for herself and added water to the tin. Her gaze followed the wisps of steam rising from her cup to the sky. If she could ignore the ache in her muscles and the giant remnants of the rock elementals, this almost could have been somewhat relaxing. But the battle stayed with her and the juniper tea didn&apos;t allow her to forget quite as much of her fatigue as she had hoped. She looked over at Tynfi, audibly sighed and extended her tea to her. <br><br>&quot;So... care to share?&quot; Ellie leaned her head to the side and waited, hoping Tynfi would realize that she didn&apos;t mean just whatever was in her flask.<br>

-Nicole, March 04

---

&quot;Referring to the whiskey, I presume.  You&apos;re welcome to some.  I like sharing whiskey.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi sees that Ellie is not, in fact, interested in the whiskey.  She kinda figured.  She sighs.<br><br>&quot;You win, Ellie.  I like you, and you don&apos;t seem like you&apos;re about to give up, so... out with it now, I guess.  Though... there&apos;s not all that much to tell.  I never got to know my parents.  They were merchants, apparently, trading in jewels in Hupolis.  They died in a shipwreck when I was two or so; I was one of the few to be rescued from it.  None of the temples wanted anything to do with me, so I was raised by another merchant, a great fat man by the name of Marki.  I was half foster daughter, half household servant&#x2014;dreadfully boring life, by the way&#x2014;until finding out I had... magic.  I was twelve.  Long story short, I was on another ship... this one got blown off-course.  My dumb luck.  Curse maybe.  I was stranded in some no-name town somewhere south of one of those major Dwarf cities with the unpronounceable names.  I found work as a sailor with the first passing ship so I could get back to Hupolis, but stayed on board for a while with nothing better to do.  I finally disembarked in Afon.  One thing leads to another... here I am.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi has just a bit more from the flask.<br><br>&quot;How about you?  How is it that you&apos;ve come to be camped at the foot of a tower with your sister, a witch, and an orphan you discovered eighteen years back?&quot;<br>

-Ben, March 04

---

Quel glances sideways at Tynfi with a raised eyebrow while continuing to play melodically.<br><br>&quot;I wouldn&apos;t mind some whisky, Tynfi and I&apos;ll trade you a pull on the old piece pipe here for a swig o two.&quot; He indicates the pipe in his hands...<br><br>&quot;Pretty darn cool that you were a sailor before falling in with us bunch of misfits. I&apos;ve been around quite a bit and in one of the places I&apos;ve stayed I became friends with a tiefling named was Hazazel. Dude was an incredible drummer because of the tail. You&apos;d think he was an octopus with as many drums and cymbals as he could play in time, I&apos;ve never heard anything like it; but that&apos;s besides the point. Hazazel was hella scared of water, wouldn&apos;t go near it and would harldy bathe. I can&apos;t imagine that guy getting on a ship let alone being a sailor. Now, I haven&apos;t been too familiar with many tieflings, although they are fairly prevalent in the parts of towns I enjoy *wink*, would you say Hazazel was normal?

-Keith U., March 06

---

Ellie leaned back with her tea and took another sip. <br>
<br>&#x201C;The games in Pwll Glo, of course. Same as you.&#x201D;<br>
<br>She raised her eyebrow at Tynfi, while she took another sip
of her tea. She set her cup down and pushed a piece of her black hair behind
her ear. She probably should give some more information than that considering
the tiefling just told her her entire life story.<br>
<br>&#x201C;I suppose you were inquiring after more than just that
though. I find it difficult to create a picture of my life as&#x2026; succinct as
yours. I have been alive for ten times your lifetime and to start at the
beginning is just more time than we have at this point. The days in the forest
after I found Roan were just the last eighteen years. I was tracking in the
forests that day. Someone took such care to make sure he was safe in that tree,
I wanted to make sure that he was well provided for. The abbey seemed to safest
place. He seemed to be well protected and happy when I checked in on him. The
Seekers raised him well. A bit sheltered in my opinion but he&#x2019;ll get used to
life sooner or later. And, now that he has taken his vows, he has come to a
point where he begin his own path. So, a few days in Pwll Glo has turned into a
camp at the base of a wizard tower, complete with a feast of rabbit and tea.&#x201D; <br>
<br>Ellie looked down at her sleeping sister and brushed some of
the hair out of her eyes. <br>
<br>&#x201C;I have to admit I did not think the first tiefling I would
encounter would be a sailor. And a drunken sailor at that.&quot; Ellie said, nodding at the flask.<br>
<br>&#x201C;I must say though, it does wonders for the tea. I think I
shall have to start bringing my own.&#x201D;<br>

-Nicole, March 06

---

Tynfi passes the whiskey but declines the pipe.<br><br>&quot;Dammit Quel.  Just... <em>dammit</em>.  I haven&apos;t met many others either, so whothehell am I to say whatss normal?  Hazazz... and your<em>, ahem, </em>good friends in the district, I&apos;m sure they all had their shit.  Jus not my shit.&quot;<br><br>To Ellie:<br><br>&quot;Nobody ever seems to tink it.  It&apos;s okay.  I make a terrble sailor anyway.  You make a much beter hunter than I a sailor, I&apos;ll say.&quot;<br>

-Ben, March 07

---

Ellie laughed and offered Tynfi more rabbit. After a moment of thought, she furrowed her brow.<br><br>&quot;That must have been frightening to discover your magic on your own. Marki just let you leave once you discovered you were a sorceress? He didn&apos;t try to help you find somewhere that would let you study under them? I find it difficult to believe that he would let either a daughter or servant, which ever he preferred you as, just walk out of his home.&quot;

-Nicole, March 07

---

&quot;Haha.  No, uh, &apos;let&apos; is prolly not the word.  No more masters for me.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi declines a second rabbit (politely) and reclines onto her bedroll to gaze skyward.<br>

-Ben, March 07

---

Ellie shrugs and eats the rest of the rabbit, while watching the fire dance from log to log. She moves Ielenia&apos;s head to a patch of moss beside her and poured the last of the tea into a cup and placed it next to Quel.<br><br>&quot;Care for the last of the tea, Quel? I suppose rest would be beneficial before our next encounter.&quot;<br><br>She twisted herself in front of the fire, crossed her legs and ever so slightly moved her blade so it was positioned within easy reach of her right hand. Content with her surroundings, she slowly let her eyes close while she meditated to the peaceful strumming of Quel&apos;s guitar.

-Nicole, March 07

---

Quel looks down at the tea while continuing to play his sweet lullaby. Using Mage Hand he pours a healthy shot of Tynfi&apos;s whisky into the tea and floats the flask back over to Tynfi setting it silently beside her pack. He returns the Hand to the teacup, gulps the hot liquid, and Hands the teacup Ellie&apos;s gear. His body almost immediately begins to relax as the beautiful combination of downers goes to work. With a last final tremalo of his guitar he lets the final chord of the night fade into the cool night breeze.  He then carefully sets to wiping the instrument down before sleeping. He polishes the soundbox and cleans the dirt and oils from his hands off the strings before leaning it against the head of the rock golem. He re-chambers a bolt in his crossbow and lays it within easy reach next to his right hand. After one final pull, he extinguishes his pipe and sets to cleaning it out with the tip of his dagger. Once satisfied with its state, he carefully stows it back in his backpack, and flops down on his bedroll for a long, much needed, rest. 

-Keith U., March 08