Ellie started at Ielenia&#x2019;s words. She abruptly pushed the mostly empty cup away from her and reached for the new one Harold had brought. She almost knocked the full cup over as she misjudged the distance and plowed her hand into the glass. She fumbled to right it and managed to save the drink more by sheer luck rather than skill. Ellie looked up at Tynfi, her eyes slightly unfocused. <br><br>&quot;Centuries?&quot;, she scoffed &quot;That&apos;s assuming we survive that long.&quot; Her words slurred into one another as she spoke.&quot;Those years don&apos;t come with an immortality guarantee. Maybe if they did, I wouldn&apos;t have&#x2026;&#x201D;<br><br>&#x201C;You know what? I&apos;m going to tell you a story, it&#x2019;s ok Ielenia I owe her a story, I owe you a story anyway especially after yours and you didn&apos;t even want to tell that one and that was the deal, right? <em>Right?</em>&quot;<br><br>She took a huge drink (<em>it was only her third beer, or fourth, maybe?</em>) as the words fell from her mouth. <br><br>&quot;I didn&#x2019;t always travel alone. It&#x2019;s really just recently and not really by choice but then again-&#x201D;<br><br>Ellie held one hand on the bar to steady herself and took another gulp from her cup.<br><br>&#x201C;I had a partner once. Had. My beloved. Maithiral. We traveled together across the continent, jumping from place to place, finding new towns, scouting for them if they had some problems they needed addressing - raids or trolls or whatever. He was a magnificent swordsman. He was actually the one who taught me sword work, I tried to teach him to use a bow but he just didn&#x2019;t take to it. Not that that would have- Anyway, we were in a forest one afternoon, looking for food after a long day on the road. We were near a village but we figured we would just hunt and then go into town. We were only in the forest for a short time when, before we knew it, they attacked us, out of nowhere in the middle of the forest, these huge orcs, we saw only five of them but there were others in the woods and they just attacked. We were caught off guard, I mean we were just <em>hunting</em>, there wasn&#x2019;t supposed to be anything there. We didn&apos;t even hear them, <em>how do you not hear them</em>?&quot;, Ellie&apos;s voice strained, her composure crumbling with each word. <br><br>&quot;We were doing ok, holding them off as best we could, until one caught me in the leg. I never could parry right, he always told me that I wasn&#x2019;t anticipating, countering too slow for close combat. I managed to kill that one before I hit the ground but I couldn&apos;t move with my leg being so cut up. I looked over and saw Maithiral fighting. He looked unbelievable, his arms flying so fast, swords flashing in the sunlight, cutting them down, but then an orc came from behind him and,&quot; Ellie gritted her teeth, &quot;sank a battleaxe into his back. I had lost so much blood and I couldn&apos;t even&#x2026; There wasn&#x2019;t any time to...&quot; <br><br>Ellie ran a hand through her black hair, pushing it out of her face, revealing sadness and pain that twisted to anger as she continued. <br><br>&quot;There are no words for the pleasure I got when I saw an arrow go through that orc&apos;s skull. Some adventuring party heard our struggle and managed to jump in just in time to save me. But just me. Only me.&quot; Her words were laced in bitterness. &quot;That arrow was the last thing I saw before I blacked out. And it was already too late to save my beloved from those vile pieces of shit.&quot; <br><br>She dropped her head to look at her beer and when she lifted her eyes again, they burned with rage. <br><br>&quot;We were supposed to have centuries together. <em>Centuries</em>. No matter how much longer I live, I have no interest in watching my family and friends die in battle at the hands of those creatures ever again.&#x201D; <br><br>She glanced from Ielenia to Tynfi, swaying on the stool, suddenly feeling vulnerable as she finished her story and the rage left her. Ellie leaned heavily on the bar with her elbows, bringing the beer to her mouth and pausing for a moment before she drank. Her voice was thick, with both drink and sadness when she spoke again.<br><br>&quot;So I suppose we are even although I probably should have just told you the one about the time the plant tried to eat us when we were foraging but this one seemed more appropriate based on yours but I hate telling that story please don&#x2019;t make me do it again.&#x201D;<br>

-Nicole, April 03

---

Tynfi tries to meet Ellie&apos;s eyes.  It is becoming increasingly difficult.<br><br>&quot;Iwon&apos;t.  I&apos;msosoryy... Ellee...&quot;<br><br>She lays her head down on the bar.<br><br>&quot;Isitgood or abd that we hve a job tnight?  You shuldn&apos; haffta stew inthat.  I&apos;m... srry...&quot;

-Ben, April 03

---

&#x201C;Jobs are always good. Drinking and sneakiness are not&#x2013; I
mean I could definitely do it now and be fine but I just want to think for a
little bit I just need some time just to think a little bit. And maybe lie
down.&#x201D;<br><br>
Ellie set her cup down on the bar and used the edge of the
bar to push herself up. She made it about a half a foot off the stool before
she sat down again, rather hard.<br><br>
&#x201C;No no definitely need to lie down it definitely was the
whiskey how do you drink that stuff Tynfi for godssake.&#x201D; Ellie slurred.<br><br>
She attempted to rise again and managed to stand while
holding onto the bar. As she turned to leave, bracing herself on a chair, she
opened her mouth as if to say something.<br><br>
&#x201C;I-&quot;<br><br>
Her brow creased as whatever she had begun to say evaporated
and she instead whispered, &#x201C;See you in a few hours.&#x201D;<br><br>
Ellie went off in the general direction of her room, holding
onto chairs and the wall as she went.<br>

-Nicole, April 04

---

Ielenia continued to stare in shock as Ellie made her way to her room. Seeing Tynfi laying on the table, she pointed at her (napping?) friend and commanded, &quot;Stay there Tynfi&quot; not really sure if she heard. Scrambling to catch up with her sister, Ielenia quickly pushed herself out of her seat and ran-perhaps a little too enthusiastically-to meet Ellie with a mighty hug. Catching her off-guard, the pair slammed into a wall. &quot;Sorry,&quot; Ielenia muttered, &quot;I just-here.&quot; Repositioning herself under Ellie&apos;s arm to support some of her weight, Ielenia helped her sister up the stairs to her room.<br><br>Settling Ellie in bed, Ielenia brushed her sister&apos;s hair out of her face and said softly, &quot;I think you are very brave.&quot; Ielenia gave Ellie&apos;s forehead a quick kiss before heading to the door. &quot;I&apos;m going to go see to Tynfi&quot; she stated. Grabbing the door handle and turning her head to face her sister, she questioned, &quot;Would you like some time to yourself?&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., April 04

---

Mhares paused before answering, &quot; Well I... &quot; He drifted off with a sad look on his face. <br><br>Several moments passed and just as it seemed he would not answer,  he resumed. &quot; I guess the short of it is no, I don&apos;t have a favorite. When I was younger every new thing I wrote was my favorite in a way, I thought it was the most brilliant thing I&apos;d ever observed. I learned many things about the order of the world by myself in the forests of Afon. There were several instances that sparked exciting debates with Gwyn, discussion of what form a truly worthy deity would take. I thought if I could decide which form God would take maybe I could discover him myself....&quot; <br><br>Mhares looks a bit wistful as if his focus has just wandered of in another direction entirely. &quot; Anyways, This is a pursuit that reached a dead end long ago. In fact that is why I was even in Polleglow, I wanted to discuss with Gwyn a new line of inquiries&quot; a short pause, &quot;Well there you have it, not that that is, i&apos;m sure, quite the answer you were looking for.&quot; <br><br>Mhares looks up distractedly to see Ellie leaving the main room followed Ielenia. 

-Amber  F., April 04

---

Quel, quite perplexed, excuses himself from Mhares with the utmost grace, to retrieve his guitar from the bar. He returns to the hearth and Mhares soon. He too had seen Ellie and Ielenia&apos;s departure and, while keeping an eye on the slumbering Tynfi, continues to sip his whisky and play a smooth yet sorrowful tune to the few who remained in the pub. While he plays, he watches Mhares intently. Finally he says, &quot;I had no idea you and Lady Gwyn were so close. If you&apos;ve rubbed shoulders with such greatness, is it safe to assume that you would be in line to be elected to a numeric seeker as well? I&apos;m not familiar with your Order, or the religion in any detail for that matter, but it seems to me that one as <em>experienced,</em> and knowledgeable,as yourself might prove useful in a more official capacity than say, &apos;baby-sister of several powerful, yet heretofore unknown, adventurers&apos;. Care to fill me in on what, if anything, I&apos;m missing here?&quot;

-Keith U., April 04 (edited: April 04)

---

&#x201C;I think so just a little bit of time I just need to sleep some before the job tonight. I&#x2019;ll be ok we can talk when I wake up sometimes it just hurts to talk but I think you&#x2019;ll understand I think you already understand&#x2026;&#x201D;<br><br>Ellie started to drift off, her eyes closing as she spoke in elvish to her sister.<br><br>&#x201C;You are staying right? You are my sister my family please don&#x2019;t leave you&#x2019;re strong enough I promise I mean look you are taking care of me thank you for taking care of me Ielenia&#x2026;&#x201D;<br>

-Nicole, April 04

---

The corner of Ielenia&apos;s mouth turns up in a sweet and sad smile as she replies softly, &quot;Sweet sister if you can accept me as I am, I must find the will to stay.&quot; Slowly opening the door so it won&apos;t creak, Ielenia lightly steps out of her sister&apos;s room and makes a mental note to come back before the raid with some tea for Ellie. She&apos;d probably need it after being so open with her heart.<br><br>Padding down the stairs, Ielenia is relieved to see Tynfi right where she was told to stay, and surprised to see Mhares in conversation with Quel. She nods at the pair in passing as she makes her way to Tynfi. Gently placing a hand on her back, she says as warmly as she can muster, &quot;Tynfi. Let&apos;s get up. It&apos;s time to go upstairs.&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., April 05

---

&quot;I&apos;m conforble righere thankyou.&quot;

-Ben, April 05

---

Mhares smiles and gives a short laugh <em>Perhaps babysitter is all too accurate</em>. &quot; Well that is quite the notion!&quot; <br><br>Mhares shifted in his seat and gave a thoughtful smile. His demeanor improved from his normal nonchalance.  &quot;Not impossible I suppose... You see however, until I met you in Polleglow I had been utterly alone save a yearly visit with Gwyn or so, a bit prideful I&apos;ve realized thinking I could do this by myself. I have not climbed the rankings of our oh so militaristic Order in quite the ways I could have being more ... present in the political side of things. There are still a great many steps between myself and election to the &apos;numeric seekers&apos;, as you say. However with the First Seeker being replaced the, um requirements, may no longer stand as they were.&quot; <br><br>Mhares leans forward conspiratorially, &quot;Perhaps we shall see what Gwyn thinks of the matter, next we meet. But I shouldn&apos;t like to trouble our friends with more than they need to deal with for now as far as the politics of the Order is concerned.&quot;  <br><br>He smiles again and compiments Quel on his playing. &quot;You are very skilled with that guitar.&quot; <br><br><br>

-Amber  F., April 05

---

Quel looks quizzically at Ielenia as she moves busily about the pub taking care of the group. Just a minute ago she was the one falling on her face, how did everything over there go to shit so fast!?!? He looks over to Mhares, waiting for an answer to his inquiries and patiently takes yet another sip of his whisky. <em>It&apos;ll be time to go soon. Better take it easy on this stuff. It could knock me on my ass if I&apos;m not careful. I wonder what&apos;s with the old man and why he&apos;s not answering. Could I have missed something here? </em>After his sip Mhares says...

-Keith U., April 05

---

&quot;I really...&quot; Ielenia muttered. &quot;Eh, suit yourself.&quot; She tried. She wasn&apos;t going to force the issue. Besides, Tynfi was probably in good company with Harold. Turning on her heels, Ielenia decided enough good deeds had been done for the moment, and headed back upstairs to polish her lock picks. She had a feeling she&apos;d be needing them.<br>

-Rachel M., April 05