The party opens the front doors and steps out into the (sunlit?) field at the foot of the tower.<br><br>Tynfi squints.<br><br>&quot;It&apos;s... bright out here.  You know, it&apos;s somehow like that so-called &apos;fire&apos; of yours, old man.  Can&apos;t say I&apos;m a fan.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi reaches for her flask, but the moment she touches it she becomes acutely aware of its emptiness.<br><br>&quot;Ugh.&quot;<br>

-Ben, March 08 (edited: March 08)

---

Mhares, surprised by his own anger at her, turns abruptly to Tynfi. He whispers a prayer under his breath and his amulet already glowing brightly flares up to a blinding intensity for a second then fades out. <br><br>In a stern yelling voice Mhares scolds Tynfi, &quot;I&apos;d like to know why you decided it was a good idea to go barging into that room without a care in the world! You could have killed yourself, and the rest of us as well! You grumble and complain when I ask you to risk your safety for the order, for the first seeker, for the people that have dedicated themselves to protecting you, but its okay to run into a room already tired for no good reason at al!? You are reckless, perhaps now that you must sober up you can begin to make logical choices, young lady.&quot;<br><br>Mhares takes a deep breath and in his usual calm manner tells Tynfi, &quot; Stop trying to throw your life away. You are better than this.&quot; <br><br>Mahres wonders to himself where that came from, perhaps he has begun to care about these people, something he has not felt in a long time. Perhaps picking them up from near death time and time again is making him feel responsible for their safety. <br>

-Amber  F., March 09

---

Surprised by Mhares&apos;s sudden outburst, Ielenia stops dead in her tracks and stares wide-eyed at the cleric. <em>Perhaps this is an inopportune time to pester Tynfi about the unicorn... </em>she muses to herself. Quickly regaining her composure, Ielenia skirts around the combatants, keeping one ear attuned to their conversation all the same. Making her way over to the old campsite with a gait somewhere between a saunter and a skip, Ielenia throws her pack to the ground, claiming prime real estate next to the old campfire pit. &quot;Quel!&quot; she calls out, spinning on a heel to face her companion with a growing smile. &quot;Can you tell me about your friend who owned a unicorn? What other stories do you know?&quot; Twirling down into a cross legged position, Ielenia continues with child-like enthusiasm, &quot;Ellie! Do you want to come hear stories about unicorns?&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., March 09

---

Quel storms out of the doors of the tower. He&apos;s so angry his vision is blurred. He marches with purpose toward the campsite from the previous evening, removes his guitar from his back, and dumps the water out of the body of the beautiful instrument. He places it face down on the head of the rock elemental he&apos;s been using as various different types of furniture to dry in the waning sunlight. Once satisfied of its stability he drops his pack next to base of the rock (on the sunny side), rearranges the wood for the fire, casts Prestidigitation to light it, grabs his dagger and crossbow, and leaves for the forest without saying a word. <br><br>Once in the forest he begins to pick up sticks and smash them against the trunks of the trees, exalting in the satisfying crack and flying splinters. <em>So much for your friend having a unicorn</em> he hears mockingly in his mind. <em>Keep your dick literally and figuratively in your pants </em>spitefully follows with <em>I&apos;d say it&apos;s smaller than average </em>close on it&apos;s heals. <br><br>&quot;What the FUCK is with *he slams a branch the size of a baseball bat into the trunk of a nearby tree* these people?&quot;<br><br>&quot;I&apos;ve never met a group of people so FUCKING boring and difficult to get a long with&quot; <br><br><em>That horntailed bitch has got problems for days; she can&apos;t even take a goddamn joke! I figured that over time she&apos;d just get over her melancholy ass and start to laugh at my idiocy; it&apos;s not like she could&apos;ve had many guys hitting on her wherever the hell she&apos;s from; but still, sooner or later I would&apos;ve expected her to see the damn humor in it and cut me some freakin&apos; slack AND the rest of &apos;em aren&apos;t much freakin&apos; better. Can&apos;t take a joke or ignore my best playful attempts to mingle. They&apos;re all quiet and secretive and calculating. It&apos;s like being out here fucking alone. I mean, I&apos;ve been playing music for them for like a FUCKING week and a half now and not one of them has so much as tapped their goddamn foot to it!!! Who the hell does that!?! There&apos;s no freakin&apos; air in this group of wandering idiots. Where&apos;s the joy? Where&apos;s the freakin&apos; happiness? It&apos;s like they&apos;re all under some sort of joy-sucking enchantment. <em>and NOW I&apos;ve got to sit out here another night without getting some and I&apos;m out of essentially every other means of amusing myself. Fuckinghellman, <em>I can&apos;t fucking take this shit much longer.<br><br>*He picks up another fallen branch and crashes it to smithereens*</em></em><br><br>Which brings me to the point, what the hell am I doing out here?!? This isn&apos;t getting me any fucking closer to what I want to do and these freakin&apos; ingrates could give a damn about how well I can play a guitar. <em>Speaking of which, I probably ruined the thing with all that water just now. </em>I could make more money writing songs and performing for some whackass nobles while getting fat off of their cooking and fucking their wives and daughters behind their backs. I&apos;m totally shit useless in close quarters combat like that and hardly anything is susceptible to my kind of influence . What a frustrating crock of shit. <br><br>&quot;Quel, calm the fuck down&quot; </em>Adanska&apos;s voice rings clear in my mind. <br><br>&quot;I. Don&apos;t. Wantto. Calm. Down. *he punctuates each word with a solid whack of another thick fallen branch on a nearby treetrunk* I want to breathe smoke. I want to pluck all the feathers out of that bird. I want to burn down this damn forest. I want to FUCK something. I want to stomp on that fucking tower and grind its stones into powder. I WANT TO LAY WASTE TO EVERYTHING I CAN SEE RIGHT NOW!!!!! <br><br>*He casts THUNDERWAVE and watches the trees move from the force of the blast*<br><br><em>&quot;You&apos;re acting like a child man; </em>&apos;Ska&apos;s deep soothing voice is back. S<em>o your group&apos;s a little boring and they don&apos;t think you&apos;re just the coolest thing since mead was first fermented. Big deal, buddy-boy. </em>W<em>e&apos;ve both been on gigs before where our traveling partners aren&apos;t necessarily the most entertaining. It&apos;s YOUR job to entertain man; It&apos;s YOUR job to build camaraderie. If you can&apos;t make 7 skeptical people appreciate you then how do you expect the whole realm to flock to your genius? Every fire starts from just a little spark baby. You&apos;re here to become Legend bro just chill out and stay the course. Once you calm down, go back to camp, thank the kid for pulling your weak ass out of the water, and tell the group that funny story about the time you, me, and that high-elf priestess got high...&quot; </em>He chuckles and his voice trails off in Quel&apos;s mind. <br><br>Quel smirks wryly. <br><br>*sigh*<br><br>&quot;You&apos;re right &apos;Ska, as usual, I&apos;m being retarded. It&apos;s just that I hate being useless and it feels like these guys would be happier without me most of the time. I&apos;m leaving out the high high-elf priestess story for now though, dick.&quot; <br><br>Quel wanders aimlessly around the forest immediately feeling better for blowing off a little steam. After gathering wood for the fire he returns to camp refreshed. <br><br>&quot;Roan, thanks for pulling me out of that water elemental and saving my ass. I probably owe you my life. I don&apos;t think I could&apos;ve held my breath much longer. Here&apos;s hoping I get to return the favor sometime.&quot;<br>

-Keith U., March 09

---

Tynfi turns to Mhares and stares, evidently a bit surprised too.  After a brief silence following his conclusion, she bursts.<br><br>&quot;What?!  You know, I had a <em>damn</em>
 good reason for doing what I did, if you&apos;ll recall.  And I don&apos;t 
appreciate all this talk about what I can and can&apos;t do because the Order
 has &apos;dedicated themselves to protecting me&apos;.  In <em>what world</em>?  This <em>Order of the Seekers</em> has casually accused me of murder and proceeded to hurl me into mortal danger <em>time and again</em>, and all for what?  To entertain their audience?  To bury a body?  To play courier?  <em>I&apos;m not feeling the protection.</em>  I feel rather like they get off on giving orders and that my death would be a pleasant bonus.<br><br>&quot;So
 here I am doing some honest-to-Gods adventuring work, looking forward 
to it because I get to live and die on my own damn terms, and apparently
 I don&apos;t even get that.&quot;

-Ben, March 09

---

&#x201C;Frankly, I would prefer to be on the living portion of that
equation.&#x201D; Ellie called out, as she ran her hands through her hair and twisted
until rivers of water ran from her locks to the ground. She scowled slightly and looked down at her gear. Everything
was soaked. Her arrows, her hair, her armor&#x2026; it would take hours for it all to
dry out. <br><br>She walked up to Tynfi and spoke, her voice soft but steady.<br><br>&quot;I would hope your terms for dying would include a well placed fire bolt through our enemies. Not a kicked open door and a half thought-out escape route. I am not aligned with the oppressive ways that the Order sometimes conducts their business. However, you cannot say that you want to live and die on your own terms yet not offer the same courtesy for the rest of us. I will fight by your side and protect you as best I can, regardless of the Order&apos;s thoughts on the subject. But, I agree with Mhares, that you must think before sentencing us all to possible death.&quot; <br><br>She glanced sideways at Mhares. <br><br>&quot;Although I have to say, I&apos;m not sure I&apos;m all in on the sobering up part. We were both just suffocated in carpets, stoned by statues and near drowned inside water elementals. I&apos;m fairly certain that deserves a drink. Or something close to it...&quot; <br><br>Ellie found a rock and leaned against it gingerly. She pulled a small book wrapped in leather from her pack and quickly started leafing through the pages.

-Nicole, March 09

---

Tynfi looks for a moment like she&apos;s going to snap back, but instead gives an exasperated sigh and mumbles, &quot;Right. Death sentence. Pfah.&quot;<br><br>She takes a seat not far from Ellie, looking from her to Mhares with a doleful smirk.  &quot;Well, as for that, I&apos;m out.  The old man is about to get his wish with the sobering bit, though I daresay the rest of us have agreed that we find me much more tolerable with some spirits.&quot;<br>

-Ben, March 10

---

Ellie&apos;s head snapped up from the book and looked from Mhares to Tynfi and back again. Mhares had just convinced <em>Tynfi</em> to stop drinking. She looked at Tynfi, bewildered.<br><br>&quot;More tolerable? Have we ever spoken when you <em>haven&apos;t</em> had spirits?&quot; <br>

-Nicole, March 10

---

Tynfi reads Ellie&apos;s confusion and realized she may have misspoken.<br><br>&quot;Oh!  Whoa.  I mean, I&apos;m <em>out</em> out.  Of liquor.  I&apos;m always <em>down</em> for liquor, of course, when I have the choice.&quot;<br><br>She pauses, gazing out into the hills.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m not <em>always</em> drinking.  Only on certain... most... nights.  Only a few mornings, when the hangover is really bad.  You&apos;ve spoken to me sober.  Or if you haven&apos;t it&apos;s because... well, as your esteemed royal sibling put it, I&apos;m quite a bit less palatable.&quot;<br>

-Ben, March 10

---

Ellie paused and then burst out laughing. <br><br>&quot;I was wondering just how influential Mhares&apos; request had been! I think I swam around in that water elemental too long. There is definitely a choice here...&quot;<br><br>Turning back to the book, she flipped back and forth between two pages and then thumped her finger on a page. <br><br>&quot;Drinks are back on!&quot;

-Nicole, March 10

---

Roan lumbered into camp after struggling to regain his composure from being knocked out during the fighting. While he would not like to admit it out loud, it had damaged both his pride and unnerved him more than usual. Hearing the &quot;conversation&quot; Tynfi and Mhares were having about throwing your life away, and thinking back on all the sacrifices people had made for him, he concluded that he should learn to be more careful. After all, if he died in a small skirmish such as this, his comrades would be left alone (albeit not unprotected) and he would not be able to repay the kindness shown to him.<br><br>Stripping off his armor haphazardly, and attempting to lay out his belongings in a manner which would allow them to dry took less time than he expected. Although he did imagine some weary glances were cast by his comrades when the undershirt came off. Unfortunately it was necessary.<br><br>That was the point of his oaths anyway. To protect those who cannot protect themselves. Fight for the Truth, and seek it out where ever it is lost. He has a duty to return to the Order and defend the people of Afon. And of course he would not let the sacrifices of men like Gwhair be made in vain. He could do none of those things if he was dead. Perhaps he should take Quel&apos;s advice and start writing down the tales of past adventures. Or if nothing else, Quel would probably be the best person to talk to about how legends and stories are made.<br><br>At that point Quel returned to camp, and gave Roan his thanks. In response, Roan let out a deep laugh.<br><br>&quot;Pulling you out of water elementals is my job, and I would be happy to do it any time. However, it might be difficult for you to do the same for me. How about instead you share with me some tales of your past adventures?&quot;<br><br>Roan gestures to a comfortable looking spot in the grass, slightly out of earshot from the others, and definitely out of eyesight of Ielenia. Something about Quel&apos;s behavior hinted that he might talk more candidly while the women were not around.<br>

-Carolyn M., March 11

---

While Roan&apos;s maneuver might have been out of eyesight, his booming voice was definitely not out of earshot, and her highness was not accustomed to being ignored. <br><br>&quot;Yeah Quel!&quot; Ielenia called excitedly as she bounded over to her companions. &quot;I want to hear more about unicorns! Didn&apos;t you hear me before?&quot; Plopping to the ground, Ielenia emphatically patted the grass next to her, signaling Roan and Quel to join her.<br>

-Rachel M., March 11 (edited: March 11)

---

&quot;No, I&apos;m sorry princess I didn&apos;t hear you. I was kind of preoccupied throwing a tantrum like a spoiled child. I&apos;ve had a little bit of time to adjust my attitude in the forest and I&apos;m better for it now. I&apos;m sorry if you feel slighted, it wasn&apos;t my intent. I think I have a solution to both your questions. I&apos;ll tell you guys, and anyone else who wants to listen, of my adventure with the &quot;unicorn&quot;; but first&quot;...he looks around the campsite and sees all the members of the group within comfortable earshot..&quot;I&apos;ve got something to tell the whole group if it&apos;s alright.&quot;<br><br>He takes a moment to compose his thoughts. He opens his mouth once or twice to begin but stops short and stares off into the treeline. Finally, after a few minutes silence, and with the attention of the party on him, he begins.<br><br>&quot;This is difficult for me. I&apos;m usually a solo act and I don&apos;t typically go beyond surface level with anyone, let alone 7 people. Over the past decade of wandering I&apos;ve found that it&apos;s easier to make my own path without having many true friends. I&apos;ve been alone most of my life and as a result I&apos;ve grown accustomed to getting what I want one way or another. Typically in a social situation people seek me out. There&apos;s always fans and admirers and people who want a piece of my time. I rarely have to make any effort to socialize. In this group though it seems as if we&apos;re all pretty individualistic. I&apos;m positive that many of you have trust issues similar to my own which makes the socializing I crave incredibly scarce around here. To further compound matters, I feel like I&apos;ve gotten off on the wrong foot with all of you and I find myself being more and more caustic and pithy in my interactions with you. I&apos;ve treated some of you pretty poorly and for that I&apos;m sorry. Especially you Tynfi. I hope that you all can forgive me and that we can start over new. We&apos;ve been in some pretty stressful situations here recently what with the arena, that stank-ass orc cave, escaping the raid, returning behind enemy lines to play hide and seek, extorting some hard-ass mercenaries, playing messenger to the doomed fort, and coming out here to a place where no-one has ever returned from. Saying that, I&apos;ve decided that I&apos;m going to trust you all because if it turns out to be a mistake it&apos;ll most likely be short lived since if we continue down this path we&apos;ll all probably be dead soon.&quot; <br><br>He chuckles at himself and pauses a minute to steel his nerves. <br><br>&quot;Not many people alive know much about me, mostly by choice. I&apos;ll fill you in on a little now. Hopefully as time goes by we can all get to know each other a little more. I&apos;m an orphan. My elvish father left my mother before she had even finished counting the money he paid her. My mother died giving birth to me. I started bard college at 8 shortly after my mentor, &apos;Ska, found me. I took to school well and graduated in 3 years which was ahead of schedule. After I graduated, &apos;Ska and I toured together, I would open for him and play rhythm guitar and sing back-up vocals sometimes. &apos;Ska was one of the greatest performers ever and he was like a father and a brother to me. His death is an unsolved mystery. Some say it was suicide; others suggest foul play. Nothing conclusive has ever been determined. When he died, I started wandering the realm and I haven&apos;t looked back. I move from town to town and gather legends of the great champions of old and the heroes of today. Which is a perfect segue to my story.&quot;<br><br>&quot;I know a guy, we&apos;ll call him M. He&apos;s ridiculously rich and old. I&apos;ve stayed with him numerous times and on one occasion he took me into the woods he owns. On our journey we came across a white horse with a horn in the middle of its forehead. M didn&apos;t seem surprised. This animal didn&apos;t seem frightened by our presence but also didn&apos;t have the same, how to put this, &quot;depth&quot; as the legendary animal we&apos;ve just encountered. It didn&apos;t speak in my mind, and by comparison, it looked a bit smaller and a little dingy but I digress. M stalked the &quot;unicorn&quot; and began to insult it under his breath using a language I still can&apos;t place. The unicorn didn&apos;t take too kindly to this and rounded on him with fury. M&apos;s pretty quick for an old dude though and he had laid a trap for the beast. The &quot;unicorn&quot; charged him attempting to gore him with its horn. Just before it reached him, M leapt sideways and the &quot;unicorn&quot;, not being quite as nimble as the old elf, rammed its horn into the tree M had been shielding from view. It hit the tree with such force that the horn lodged deep within the heartwood of the tree and the &quot;unicorn&quot; was captured. M chuckled and moved toward it, for what purpose I&apos;ll never know, because at that moment, a pine cone fell from the tree and hit M squarely in the head. The &quot;unicorn&quot; used this momentary lull to free itself from the tree and streaked toward the edge of a nearby cliff. Without stopping, it leapt straight into the air and began to fall. As I watched, it flipped in the air so it&apos;s horn was facing down, and I swear I saw it wink at me. I watched in horror, thinking that surely it would splatter itself on the ground but something incredible happened instead. If I hadn&apos;t seen it with my own eyes I would never believe it happened. During the fall, the &quot;unicorn&quot; prepared for impact with the floor of the gorge and used it&apos;s horn to break its fall. It targeted a large section of rock on the valley floor and rammed the rock with its horn. It bounced off the rock, spraying sparks from its horn, and landed gracefully on its feet with a snort. The next thing I know, M was next to me, smiling widely. &quot;And now you&apos;ve met Charlie&quot;, M said to me, &quot;he&apos;s almost as big of a show off as I am.&quot; With a last glance at the &quot;unicorn&quot;, we turned and continued our journey through the woods. I&apos;ve never seen anything like it before today.&quot;<br><br>With that, Quel goes over to his guitar and examined it. It didn&apos;t seem to be any worse for wear after being soaked in the water elemental. <em>Man, this thing is serious quality</em>. After a gentle wipe down he crouches down, leaning his back on the head of the rock golem, and begins to go through his warm ups.  

-Keith U., March 11

---

Tynfi opens her mouth as if to speak, then she closes it.  She thinks some more.  Open... closed.  By this time, Quel has turned around to find his guitar.  Tynfi calls after him.<br><br>&quot;Quel... you played <em>rhythm</em>?  I never thought you the type.&quot;<br><br>...<br><br>&quot;Oh, <em>fuck me</em>.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi stands and walks over to Quel.  Her tail curls nervously at the tip.<br><br>&quot;Quel, I&apos;m not used to people just opening up like that.  Frankly, most normal people hardly talk at all if they know I&apos;m in the room.  Now, I <em>am</em> used to hearing about changed men and starting over, and that&apos;s always a load of shit.  But you <em>seem</em> genuine enough, and that has got to be the weirdest part of this whole thing.  What&apos;s going on?  What changed?  Are you <em>really</em> going to quit jeering at me?  What the Hell am I supposed to believe about you right now?&quot;<br>

-Ben, March 11

---

Quel stops his warm
ups and sets his guitar aside to give Tynfi his undivided attention. He rubs
his stubbly chin and cheeks thoughtfully for a moment or two and stares at an
indefinite point on the grass at Tynfi&apos;s feet. Before he begins to talk, he looks
up and meets Tynfi&apos;s gaze. In a firm entrancing flow of speech he says:<br>
<span style="background-image:  ; background-attachment:  ; background-position:  ; background-repeat: "><br>
&quot;I
wouldn&apos;t say I&apos;ve<em>changed</em>love.
I&apos;ve simply made a couple of decisions. The first is to trust you lot with a
little information about who and what I am. I&apos;m certainly not lining up to be a
paladin like the kid over there *he jerks his head lazily in the direction of
Roan* but I am going to try to be more invested in our little group. Up to now
it seems all we&apos;ve done as a collective whole is argue and face down peril.
That&apos;s not really the lifestyle I actively seek. If you&apos;re assuming I&apos;ve
&quot;changed&quot; **he punctuates the word with rock-star quotes** to the
point where I won&apos;t smoke, drink, fuck or get high when given the first
reasonable opportunity, you&apos;re sorely mistaken. I&apos;m not a choir boy nor do I
ever intend to go that route. I would, however, like to be on at least civil
terms with everyone and that means starting over. I&apos;ve been an arrogant, aloof,
and elitist ass since we&apos;ve all been together. I think me adjusting my attitude
to be a little nicer and a little more inclusive might just make our group a
bit more fun. We&apos;ve got a lot of independent thinkers in here. Just think about
it objectively, you&apos;re a mysterious sailor, Ellie&apos;s a damn ranger, Mhares is a
freakin&apos; hermit, I&apos;m a wandering minstrel, and Illenia is a ROGUE. It doesn&apos;t
get much more individualistic than us 5. As for the others, Roan&apos;s a member of
the Order which means that his loyalties aren&apos;t necessarily to this group but
to the greater good. Same goes for Illyrio but instead of the Order he&apos;s part
of the Bank and for the greater &quot;wealth&quot;. Lastly, there&apos;s Aranel and
she&apos;s so dang quiet I literally know nothing about her except she casts spells.
She might be a deaf/mute for all I know. Maybe getting some meaningful dialog
going in this place will help lighten the obvious tension. There&apos;s no reason
not to try.&quot;<br>
<br>
...He
licks his lips and drums his fingers aimlessly on his knees for a moment before
continuing...<br>
<br>
&quot;The
second choice is to leave you the hell alone. It&apos;s clear you&apos;re not playing
hard to get and that you&apos;re genuinely not interested in my attentions. I&apos;m a
drug addict, not a retard, and even my lightly used brain is sharp enough to
take a hint. I don&apos;t usually have to try to get attention from women, whatever
race they are, so your revulsion is atypical, not to mention intriguing, but if
you&apos;re not interested, and the<em>jeering </em>as you so affectionately have labeled it, is
causing the group some discomfort, which it clearly is, then it&apos;s up to me to
shut the hell up. Those comments are obviously not endearing, entertaining, or
funny in this circle, unlikeplaces
I typically frequent, so I&apos;m going to can it, for now.&quot;<br>
<br>
...he
begins to re-twist his golden dreadlocks starting from the tips...<br>
<br>
&quot;As
for what you can or cannot believe, that&apos;s up to you to determine.  Frankly, I&apos;m surprised you&apos;re even over here talking
to me. Myself, I don&apos;t
trust anybody who tells me what to believe. All those people who do just want
money or to sell you something. Deep down I don&apos;t think you and I are so fundamentally different so, to
that end, I&apos;m not going to waste my breath or time trying to persuade you about
anything.&quot;<br>
<br>
He
finally breaks eye contact with her, &quot;I<em>would</em>ask
you to sit down though if you want to talk some more. My neck is getting sore.&quot;<br>
<br>
With
that, he falls silent and continues to wind his dreads back to their usual
tight consistency.</span><br>

-Keith U., March 12

---

Tynfi finds a rock and (when she&apos;s sure it isn&apos;t moving anywhere) has a sit.<br><br>&quot;Well.  This is all still a surprise to me; it might be a while until I can think of you as anything but a total bastard.  But I&apos;ll try... I appreciate it.&quot;<br><br>She glances over at Ellie to see what she&apos;s been up to.<br><br>&quot;Meaningful dialogue... try to act like we care about each other, huh?  New experiences every day.&quot;<br>

-Ben, March 12

---

Ellie cocked her head to the side and gave Quel a once over
as he stood in the middle of the group, pouring his heart out. She wasn&#x2019;t quite
sure how to take this new realization of self and she couldn&#x2019;t be certain of
his sincerity. As Quel finished his speech and Tynfi walked over to him, she
stood up from her rock and decided that now was a good time to go hunting. <br><br>
&#x201C;I&#x2019;ll be back in a while- time to grab some dinner.&#x201D; she
said to Mhares and turned to leave the camp area. Once she was a good distance
away, she lightly ran toward the open hills. <br><br>
Quel&#x2019;s story about family, or lack thereof, played over and
over in her mind. Roan, Tynfi, Quel, even her own sister before she had known
her mother was alive, were orphans. That fact alone was enough to elicit sympathy
even for someone as brash as Quel. Ellie paused and strung an arrow as she saw
movement in the grass. With a satisfying twang of the bowstring, the group had
the beginning of dinner. To have no family whatsoever&#x2026; the mere thought
elicited a primal pain and rage that found its way into her next shot. His
story raked at her mind as she continued hunting. No one should have to endure
life without family. Near the end of her hunt, she still couldn&#x2019;t shake the
feeling, and found herself even more resolved to bring Ielenia home to meet her
mother.<br><br>
As she picked up the last rabbit to add to the colony
already on her belt, Ellie&#x2019;s mind continued to drift. She could barely focus as
she searched for the intoxication plants found in her book. Laced throughout his
apology, Quel had said he was going to trust the group. Trust them with his
story, with his life. Trust. Ielenia had said the same thing last night at the
fire, that perhaps we could trust these people. Oh, hell. It had been twenty
years since she had had to trust anything besides her own skill with a bow. It
was overwhelming and something she wasn&#x2019;t ready for. Trusting someone with your
life or, more importantly, the life of your sister, was very different than
sharing drinks around a fire. But her sister trusted them. Called them friends.
Ellie stopped and looked up at the sky, sighing loudly. <br><br>
<em>&#x201C;Perhaps, Ielenia. Just give me time.&#x201D;<br></em><br>
As she looked back down to the ground, she smiled and shook
her head slightly. She was surrounded by the pale yellow flowers of cow-wheat-
just what she was looking for. <br><br>
After picking two bushels of the flowers, and knowing her
comrades the bushels were definitely necessary, Ellie headed back to camp. She
approached at a light jog and was surprised to see Tynfi sitting with Quel. She
did a quick check around the campsite to find her sister sitting with Roan. She
walked over and gave Ielenia a kiss on the head and a wave to Roan before
making her way to the same butchering rock as the previous night. Meat
butchered and on the fire, Ellie began to grind the flowers in her hands into a
fine white powder, while surveying the campsite. <br><br>
<em>&#x201C;Trust them&#x2026;&#x201D; </em>Ielenia&#x2019;s
voice sounded in her head.<br><br>She gave a small reassuring nod to herself. And, with a voice that echoed over the campsite, Ellie called
out, &#x201C;Drinks are almost ready. Anyone care for some?&#x201D;<br>

-Nicole, March 12

---

Quel continued to twist his dreads as Tynfi sat down and attempted to hold a civil conversation. He was intrigued by her words but still didn&apos;t think she was wholly sold on his new attitude. He took out his pipe and blew in it to make sure it was dry. When he was satisfied, he stuffed it with the last of his supply and lit it with the tip of his finger, smiling from the corner of his mouth and winking at Tynfi as he did so.<br><br><em>I&apos;m going to need to find more smokeables before we go back to that religious fanatic mecca of a town. There&apos;s literally no market, white, gray, or black, for this stuff in that place. I bet there&apos;s money to be made if some silver-tounged, entrepreneurial half-elf just happened to have a surplus of that kind of stuff on hand...something to think more about...</em><br><br> &quot;Indeed&quot; he exclaimed finally between puffs of smoke rings ending the silence between them. &quot;I typically treat people as disposable commodities. Single servings of money, sex, food, shelter, whatever I can coax out of them. Treating you all with more respect and..<em>.helping</em>...everyone is going to be incredibly new for me. I&apos;m sure there&apos;s going to be some growing pains.&quot; <br><br>***He offers the pipe to Tynfi once more, purely out of kindness, but fully expecting her to politely decline again***<br><br>As he blows out the last of the smoke in his lungs through his nose he stretches and sighs. &quot;So, quid pro quo <em>mon cher</em>, tell me a little more about yourself besides the sailor bit. Give me something real, like the reason behind your drinking or how you eventually got away from your &quot;faster&quot;...<br><br>He chuckles at his own joke as his voice trails off, leaving the silence as heavy as his smoke in the air, waiting patiently to see if she&apos;d take the bait...

-Keith U., March 12

---

Ielenia turned her head down and nervously plucked blades of grass from the ground, a sour look sliding across her face. During every lull in conversation, her heart raced. <em>Do it. Say it now. </em>She chided herself. She could identify with so many of her party members. She understood loss. She understood guilt. She wanted to let them know she understood <em>them</em>, but she couldn&apos;t force the words out of her mouth. The last time she had trusted anyone it had nearly cost her her life. Sinking deeper into her own thoughts, she was assaulted by images of battle.<br><br><em>Fire was ravaging the building, and the smoke was building up so quickly that soon even her night vision would be rendered useless. Coughing and sputtering, she called out desperately, &quot;Adran!&quot; waiting for a response that never came. Panic was welling up within her and the smoke (it was the smoke, right?) was bringing tears to her eyes. Frantically pushing her way through the creaking walls and blazing tapestries, Ielenia slowly made her way to where she remembered the front door to be. &quot;Dad!&quot; she cried over and over, to no avail. Where was her father? Where was her team? This was supposed to be a simple job, how did everything go so wrong?<br><br>Ielenia whipped her head around in response to a deep snapping and cracking. The roof! She gasped. Rolling to the ground just in time to evade the falling beam, Ielenia sobbed as she pushed herself back to her feet. Her eyes were burning. It hurt to breathe. Where was her father? &quot;I don&apos;t want to die here!&quot; she yelled at nothing in particular, immediately regretting the decision as more searing air settled itself in her lungs. Covering her mouth with her cloak she slowly continued forward. She could see it now. the smoke was escaping to somewhere. The door! Inwardly breathing a sigh of relief she quickened her pace as a familiar figure came into view against the haze.<br><br>&quot;Captain?&quot; she coughed, relief overwhelming her. &quot;Captain, we have to get out of here!&quot; she cried, pointing towards the door. Instead of turning to freedom, the captain smirked, drew his sword, and ran towards Ielenia. Her stomach dropped as the dreadful realization crept over her. She was meant to die here in this house. Falling to her knees, Ielenia cowered and brought her hands up over her head. &quot;PLEASE!&quot; she begged, bracing for the blow that would surely take her life. Instead of death greeting her, she heard a grunt. She felt something wet drip onto her hands. Her father was standing in front of her, his own short sword stuck into the assailant&apos;s chest. &quot;Dad!&quot; she cried as joy overwhelmed her. Quickly scrambling back to her feet, she grabbed Adran&apos;s arm and started to lead him toward the door.<br><br>&quot;Kit.&quot; Adran managed to sputter as blood began to fill his mouth. The captain had crumpled to the ground, but his sword had remained planted squarely between Adran&apos;s ribs. The wetness she had felt was her father&apos;s own blood.<br><br></em>A familiar voice drew Ielenia away from her thoughts. Smelling smoke, panic overwhelmed Ielenia&apos;s senses until she realized the smell was the campfire. Ellie had come back from hunting. <em>When did she leave? </em>Ielenia wondered. Glancing up from the ground, she noticed Roan&apos;s hulking form still sitting beside her. &quot;Hey.&quot; she cleared her throat. &quot;I.. I never told you earlier. I&apos;m sorry for your loss. I understand what it feels like to have the ones you love ripped away from you.&quot; Daring to look Roan in the face, she gave what she hoped was a reassuring smile, and placed a hand softly on his shoulder. &quot;Let&apos;s go get some tea,&quot; she suggested. Feeling that her quota of courage was met for the moment, Ielenia hurried over to Ellie, seeking the comfort seemingly innate to her sister&apos;s presence.  <br>

-Rachel M., March 13

---

&quot;My faster what?&quot;<br>

-Ben, March 13

---

Quel chuckles, &quot;That was dumb of me. I have a habit of mashing up two or more words to create new ones. In this case &quot;faster&quot; is a mashup of father and master. Unfortunately those two words were too close to one another and the mashup ended up being a real word. I knew the mistake the moment I said it. I&apos;m such a dumbass sometimes.&quot;

-Keith U., March 13 (edited: March 13)

---

&quot;Well, first things first: I drink because I <em>like</em> it, you goofball.  So, care to join us?&quot;<br><br>Tynfi stands and tilts her head over toward Ellie.<br>

-Ben, March 13

---

&quot;Thought you&apos;d never ask.&quot;

-Keith U., March 13

---

Ellie greeted her fellow adventurers with cups of warm tea.<br><br>&quot;I already took the liberty of putting two helpings of the herbs in yours, Tynfi. Just stir in the powder as you like. It may not taste as good as your usual whiskey but it should work just the same.&quot;<br><br>She smiled as she saw her sister approaching and made room for her near the fire. She craned her neck to see if Mhares and Roan were also joining them before she turned back to Tynfi and Quel with interest.<br><br>&quot;You two looked almost civil conversing over there. I guess there&apos;s something to be said for second chances. Our adventures might be less stressful knowing we don&apos;t have to guard ourselves in camp as well as against our enemies.&quot; <br><br>She handed Quel a cup of tea with the herbal powder.<br><br>&quot;Thank you for the unicorn story; I&apos;m sure Ielenia enjoyed it. Maybe we will hear more of your travels across the kingdom or... perhaps stories of a merchant ship on the high seas?&quot;<br><br>Ellie shot a glance at Tynfi out of the corner of her eye, sipping on her spiked tea.<br>

-Nicole, March 14

---

&quot;You <em>really</em> are the best, Ellie.&quot;<br><br>Tynfi goes ham on the tea.<br><br>&quot;Uhm... I hate to disappoint, but for the most part, the high seas are an awfully boring place.  You wake up, you play cards in the near-darkness, you drink watered-down ration liquor, you run abovedecks to scrub decks and climb rigging and nearly fall off the rigging and pull up the anchor... punctuated by moments of terror and shore leave.<br><br>&quot;The first moment of terror being, I guess, the day I showed up and asked to join the crew.  I should have known that sailors have this thing with... omens.  The master-at-arms was arguing with the... quartermaster, I think he was, saying that I&apos;d drive the men crazy with fear.  Quartermaster didn&apos;t want to turn down a useful deckhand; you apparently don&apos;t often get people volunteering for the shit work.  We were up on deck, I felt distinctly out of place and was beginning to despair for getting out of that city.<br><br>&quot;That&apos;s when... well, a ton of things happened all at once.  There was a whistle, a shout, and a bunch of yelling, the officers immediately dropped their argument and ignored me to join the yelling, and the ship lurched away from the dock.  Sailors started pouring out of the hatches and up the rigging to let down sails.  Things were just beginning to make sense again, the ship had probably gotten a couple hundred yards away from its mooring when a shadow flashed over the ship.  Everyone looked up... it was a huge, blue, scaly... monster.  A <em>dragon</em>.  It roared.  I remember hearing the roar split my ears from overhead and then <em>echo over the mountainsides</em>, miles away.  I&apos;ve never heard anything so... <em>grand</em>.  It got whatever it came for.  It set the whole damn harbor alight, and we were the only ship spared.  Hundreds of yards away and you could still feel the heat from the dragon&apos;s fire as if you were holding your face to an oven.<br><br>&quot;And that&apos;s how, for once in my life, I became a <em>good</em> luck charm.&quot;<br>

-Ben, March 15

---

&quot;You mean you saw that false creature, Aheknu?!&quot; Roan had ambled over to join in the tea and to respond to Ielrnia, but the mention of the dragon was a far more pressing matter. He muttered a curse under his dress and spat at the ground: an old habit he picked up from the &apos;liberal&apos; priests at the monastery. &quot;But why was that eidolon so far from the desert? He surely would not wander that far from the lands he controls.&quot;

-Carolyn M., March 15

---

&quot;Uh... &apos;Aheknu?&apos;  I feel like I&apos;ve heard that name before.&quot;

-Ben, March 15

---

In place of a greeting, Ielenia returned the kiss from Ellie and nestled down in her accustomed place by her sister&apos;s side. Graciously accepting a cup of tea, she declared &quot;I&apos;ll have whatever Tynfi&apos;s having&quot; and helped herself to an extra heap of herbs. After handing Roan a cup of tea she turns to Tynfi, childlike wonder returning to her features. &quot;Dragons?&quot; she stared in awe at Tynfi. &quot;That might be even better than ~*~unicorns~*~! I&apos;m not sure what my father thought about dragons&quot; she continued, &quot;but my uncle Rhawon said they are magnificent beasts. He&apos;s met tons of dragon riders out on the islands.&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., March 16

---

Ellie shook her head slightly, in a gesture displaying her inability to believe the story she just heard.<br><br>&quot;You were lucky to have escaped. Blue dragons are such evil creatures... The sailors must have had no issue with you on board after that incident.&quot;<br><br>She leaned forward to poke the rabbit skewers.<br><br>&quot;Although, I don&apos;t think that part quite qualifies as boring. Rabbit&apos;s ready - grab yourself some.&quot; <br><br>She tore a huge chunk off of one of the skewers.<br><br>&quot;I donn unnerstan ho peppl righ&quot;, she swallowed the rabbit, &quot;those things. Asking for trouble if you ask me - magnificent or not.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, March 16

---

&quot;The only good thing Aheknu has ever done was to inadvertently create the Order. The Order was founded as a religious and philosophical order that sought to learn the true nature of Aheknu and the forces that created the world. Initially, Aheknu was worshiped as a terrible, merciless god by the Desert Peoples.Eventually the original seekers were forced from their lands by their &apos;heresey&apos; of insisting that Aheknu was just a dragon (with a very large ego). They fled west and into the Afon River Valley and settled at the delta of the Arian River. The people flourished in their new surroundings, until there were some border disputes and the people grew distraught that their ancestors still lived in virtual slavery. Artorigios rose to power during this time on a platform of militarizing and vanquishing Aheknu to free the Desert People. That was how he was selected to be the First Seeker. He and the newly formed Order founded the city of Gorllewin and began training. After learning that Aelwyd had fallen into civil war, the Order quelled the civil war under Artoigios&apos; leadership. Eventually The Order also lead an attack on the City of Glass but  failed to destroy Aheknu. And that&apos;s about where we are now.&quot;<br><br>Roan becomes obviously pleased with himself for accurately remembering the founding story, as it was the most difficult lesson for him to learn. He always was mixing up the names....<br><br>&quot;But you speak as if there are more than one dragon.&quot; He turns to Ellie and gives her a questioning glance. &quot;Are these other dragons as ill-tempered and cruel as Aheknu?&quot;

-Carolyn M., March 16

---

Ellie finished chewing another chunk of food and added a
pinch of powder to her newly refilled tea.<br><br>
&#x201C;Ah, Roan.&#x201D; She pats the ground near her, inclining Roan to
sit. &#x201C;There are more dragons than just the dragon god you speak of. They are as
blue as the sky, as red as the flames in our campfire, as green as the grass
you are standing on. Dragons with breath so cold, ice forms on the air.
Dragons that are said to smell so foul, they smell like Death is walking among
the living. And all of them are powerful, terrible creatures.&#x201D;<br><br>
I have seen a dragon once&#x2026; I was small, about five years
old. I remember some things about the day, but I remember the dragon. I was&#x2026; in
my aunt&#x2019;s garden.&#x201D; <br><br>
Ellie&#x2019;s gaze grew distant in the firelight and she grasped
her cup between two hands.<br><br>
&#x201C;The garden smelled like sunshine and wet earth. I just
remember waiting in the garden. And then a shadow fell over the ground. My
mother came to get me and we were running&#x2026; trying to escape, something. But we
had to stop running. My aunt had gone back to the house. Then I saw it &#x2013; it
couldn&#x2019;t have been a hundred feet from us. The scales were almost the color of
a polished copper piece, large as dinner plates. The sun danced across its skin
like it was harnessing the light itself. Its wingspan was the size of two
mountains strung together &#x2013; they were so large they blocked out the sun. The
horns on its face were easily larger than I was and I remember that they were
so&#x2026; sharp. And then it turned its head and I was staring straight into its eye.
It was so green and&#x2026; the anger&#x2026; I&#x2019;m not sure if it looked away. I don&#x2019;t think I
could have if I tried. And then it didn&#x2019;t smell like earth any more. It smelled
like the ocean. Then the ocean was raining from the sky. My parents came and
grabbed me. There was water everywhere. My father picked me up and
ran with me. I looked behind us and saw a wall of water. It was so tall it
touched the bottom of the sky. We were soaked, trying to run and the water just
kept coming. I hid my eyes at some point. But you don&#x2019;t need your eyes to hear
a dragon&#x2019;s roar. It shakes you from the inside, crawls inside your skin and
threatens to tear you apart&#x2026;&#x201D;<br><br>
Ellie shook her head a little, bringing herself back to the
present and looked down at her hands. They were shaking violently. She lifted
her cup to her mouth, drained it and made herself another cup with more herbs
than usual. <br><br>
After a few moments pause, she lifted her eyes to look at
Roan, &#x201C;To answer your question, yes, they can be quite ill-tempered.&#x201D;<br>

-Nicole, March 16 (edited: March 16)

---

Roan sits beside Ellie, his mouth agape. Her story seemed almost unbelievable, but in a way so is the fact she is over 200 years old.<br><br>&quot;Dragons certainly seem to be terrible creatures. I hope to never run afoul of one. At least not without a team such as this behind me.&quot;<br><br>Roan absent-mindedly sips his tea while pondering how such a creature could even be fought. And then he makes a realization.<br><br>&quot;Mhares, were you old enough to be in service the last time the Order tried to vanquish Aheknu? And have any of the rest of you encountered a dragon? Since it seems there are more than one of them, perhaps I should begin putting together a strategy for how to meet them in battle.&quot;

-Carolyn M., March 18

---

Tynfi has a seat.<br><br>&quot;Gods, Ellie... hey. If a dragon can&apos;t kill you, can anything?&quot;<br><br>She interjects after Roan finishes speaking.<br><br>&quot;Hey!  I can answer that one!  <em>Cautiously</em>.  Haha.  No.  Butseriously.  One does not <em>meet</em> a dragon in battle any mroe than one <em>meets</em> a... thunderstorm.  One with a working mind atop her shoulders <em>runs</em> and hopes the dragan finds someon tastier.  And you should too.  Please?&quot;

-Ben, March 18

---

Mhares has been sitting silently near the group, not in the circle reading old passages from his Path of Truth. Words and ideas he wrote many years ago in moments of inspiration. Moments that so long ago were so frequent and meaningful but recently have become non existent. Time continued to stretch for days, then months then years between entries. Forcing Mhares to venture into the realm of company and away from his comfortable silence, when finally solitary contemplation seemed to yield no more truths for him to seek alone. <br><br>Mhares at hearing himself addresses looks up from his Path of Truth and replays the question Roan asked in his head. <em>It is still odd to hear my name now so often after so many years of no one else to say it. </em>Mhares closes the book seemingly reluctantly and patiently tucks it back in it&apos;s wrapping and places it in his pack for safe keeping. His slow methodical movements mask his internal uncertainty about how much he should share. <em>Recovering bodies for the Order is one thing but no ever asks any thing of ME personally, hmm though i suppose if Quel and Tynfi can find it in them to trust... </em>Mhares stand and moves to sit with the other around the fire, then looks to Roan. <br><br>&quot;No, Roan I wasn&apos;t. The attack on the City of Glass happened about 40 years ago when I was probably only twelve or so. Thats not to say I wasn&apos;t intimately aware of it. My Father&apos;s name was Ohlen, a Colonel for and close friend of Artorigos, he supported him from the beginning all the way to becoming the First Seeker. He was killed on that day charging the city, His men were caught by Aheknu&apos;s lightning. He died fighting to find the Truth, and now he keeps it safe in death.&quot;

-Amber  F., March 18 (edited: March 18)

---

Staring intensely at the rabbit skewer in her hands, Ielenia&apos;s serious tone caught even her own ears by surprise. &quot;Ellie,&quot; she paused briefly, &quot;where did you live when you met the dragon?&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., March 19

---

&quot;I&apos;m sad to hear that Mhares. But I will honor his bravery, and those of all the other men slain in the name of seeking the Truth, if I can.&quot; Roan raises his glass in a small toast and drains the glass.<br><br>Addressing Tynfi, &quot;I&apos;ll do my best, but I doubt I will always be able to stay away from a creature like that. Considering I&apos;ve been out of training for maybe six months and have already encountered two types of elementals, I think my track record for staying out of dangerous situations speaks for itself. But once eveyone else is safe, I&apos;ll do my best to get away as well.&quot;<br><br>Roan briefly contemplates adding some powder to his next cup of tea, but the memory of his hangover is still too strong. Instead he reaches for a piece of rabbit and begins to eat heartily while waiting to hear Ellie&apos;s response.

-Carolyn M., March 20

---

Quel only knows of one city that Ellie could mean and listens intently, although aloofly, while sweetly stroking his guitar and blowing smoke rings from his pipe. <br><br><em>Could that really be?!? The stories this woman must know...<br></em>

-Keith U., March 21 (edited: March 21)

---

Ellie shifted uncomfortably in her seat by the fire. <br><br>&quot;Protsvitaly. My family left that day and I haven&apos;t been back since.&quot;<br><br>She grabbed another skewer and started furiously eating more food, punctuated by large gulps of tea.<br>

-Nicole, March 21