Sevak,<br><br>If I address this letter to you and get it out to Tyrapolis, will you get it? &#xA0;I have to assume so. &#xA0;Is this really even your name? &#xA0;On the one hand, I can scarcely believe you&apos;d give that away, but on the other, it&apos;s so much less ridiculous than your alias.<br><br>I wanted you to know that I&apos;ve been working through it all. &#xA0;Everything that happened in Heliopis, everything that&apos;s about&#xA0;to happen in Heliopis, and everything before that.<br><br>I&apos;ve always hated running errands for organizations. &#xA0;Thieves&apos; guilds, for the obvious example. &#xA0;It&apos;s not the part about doing other peoples&apos; work; it&apos;s the part about having some assumed &quot;pecking order&quot; that I get to be on the ass end of, because why would it be any other way? &#xA0;And I&apos;ve always especially&#xA0;hated you&#xA0;Knightly Order&#xA0;types. &#xA0;All of the pecking order and more, and on top of that, an irritating disdain for what good work I am capable of, or even the very person I am. &#xA0;(I know, shut up, Roan is alright.)<br><br>But this was different. &#xA0;It felt good, you know? &#xA0;I get to do my sleazy, deceitful work, and the world is a little better off for it. &#xA0;It&apos;s not a feeling I&apos;m used to. &#xA0;I almost didn&apos;t sleep last night trying to make sense of, oh, I don&apos;t know. &#xA0;The pride, I guess. &#xA0;I&apos;m used to pride being the greatest of our sins. &#xA0;Pride is what I feel for pulling one over on someone. &#xA0;Pride is what the Tiefling always feels just before her ultimate comeuppance at the end of the play. &#xA0;But it&apos;s what I feel now, and I know I have nothing to be guilty of.<br><br>And you know what? &#xA0;I&apos;ve given you nothing but shit the whole time. &#xA0;Much as I want&#xA0;you to have deserved it, you probably didn&apos;t. &#xA0;I get it now. &#xA0;My life really was worth sparing all those months ago. &#xA0;And now, in Heliopis, you had reasons to keep your secrets. &#xA0;You had reasons, probably, for all the faffing about you always had to be doing while we were in the thick of it. &#xA0;You maintained that smug stoicism with a purpose, surely. &#xA0;And your stupid appearing and disappearing act, and...<br><br>... Sorry, old habits die hard. &#xA0;So, thanks. &#xA0;Thanks for doing all of that for us and for enduring my relentless bitterness. &#xA0;And also Ielenia. &#xA0;You weather her fancies with quite a bit more poise than I do.<br><br>You&apos;ll be going by a new name, and I will be, too. &#xA0;&quot;Grace&quot; is supposed to own a slave; I am beyond eager to shed that deed. &#xA0;I&apos;m thinking &quot;Rose&quot; at this moment. &#xA0;But whatever I settle on, there can&apos;t be terribly many Tiefling witches in the world, and fewer, even, who will be making waves like I will. &#xA0;I&apos;m sure that if you must do your &quot;sudden and auspicious appearance&quot; act, you&apos;ll be able to find us.<br><br>And we&apos;ll take care of Abigail. &#xA0;You have my word on that.<br><br>Good travels,<br>Arca<br>[signed also with a tiny claw mark]

-Ben, October 12 (edited: October 12)