Dozens of halflings pass through the shrine. &#xA0;Each comes through and says a prayer, or tells a story, or sings a song, as they might normally, but each also takes a part of the shrine with them&#x2014;a garland here, an offering plate there. &#xA0;Just now, the crossed spears of&#xA0;<a href="http://themidnightoil.net/blog/post/64" rel="nofollow">Eldice and Candice</a> are being removed from their altar. &#xA0;Eventually, the &quot;walls&quot; of the sun-soaked shrine, formed by the carefully positioned and craftily decorated reverse sides of a couple dozen home-wagons, will come down, too, and all that will be left will be dust.<br><br>The adventurers (or those who have chosen to be here, anyway) watch this ballet of dismantlement, carefully organized to go on beneath the notice of those who would consider the halflings property. &#xA0;Grace sits on a barrel of fresh water, her eyes taking in the dance but her mind elsewhere.<br><br>&quot;Abigail, you&apos;ve eaten today, right? &#xA0;I guess that&apos;s a silly question. &#xA0;But you don&apos;t want to practice hungry! &#xA0;An empty tummy will suck away your concentration.&quot;<br><br>Grace pulls her legs up and turns to sit cross-legged on the barrel, facing her.<br><br>&quot;And you need to practice! &#xA0;Magic can be pretty and useful, but done wrong... it can be wild and terrible. &#xA0;You want it to work <em>with&#xA0;</em>you.&quot;<br>

-Ben, October 12 (edited: October 12)

---

Ielenia watched curiously from a distance as Grace lectured Abigail on the underpinnings of magic. She was always interested in learning the craft, but had never seemed to have a knack for it. She couldn&apos;t quite put her finger on why she had decided to make Abigail part of her little &quot;family,&quot; but she felt uncomfortable if the girl was out of her sight for too long. She was probably stealing something. &quot;Grace,&quot; Ielenia called, walking over to join the pair, &quot;how do you know if Abigail&apos;s magic is controlled by the same sorts of things as yours is? Can you feel if it&apos;s wild or not?&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., October 24

---

Grace crosses her arms and looks up.<br><br>&quot;You know what? &#xA0;I spent half the last week in the library trying to find out. &#xA0;Turns out it&apos;s hard to find anything in there since it&apos;s pretty much just a huge clusterf... er... <em>unsorted pile of books</em> that the generals and the Warlord himself keep as some sort of preening exercise. &#xA0;And what I <em>can</em>&#xA0;find is always written by wizards, who can&apos;t go one whole breath without reminding the reader that they, the almighty magisters, have <em>mastered</em>&#xA0;magic with their relentless toil and towering intellects, to contrast with the lowly sorcerous subjects of their treatises.<br><br>&quot;Frankly, I think they need to learn to hide their envy better.&quot;<br><br>Grace hops down from the barrel and gets close to Ielenia so she can talk amidst the hubbub without being overheard.<br><br>&quot;Anyway, no, I don&apos;t know. &#xA0;I don&apos;t know how being born with magic works, if it&apos;s really something you&apos;re <em>born</em>&#xA0;with or something you come across as a child, if it manifests in everyone the same way or differently, or what...&#xA0;I wish I did know. &#xA0;However it is that the magic affects her, though, she has an incredible, almost unsettling, command over it. &#xA0;The invisibility spell she cast earlier? &#xA0;I didn&apos;t master that one until about a month ago. &#xA0;She&apos;s, what, ten?<br><br>&quot;But&#xA0;... please, don&apos;t tell her that. &#xA0;Not just yet. &#xA0;Not because I&apos;m afraid of being shown up, but because if <em>I</em>&#xA0;knew that I was better than my tutor... I&apos;d never listen to her.&quot;

-Ben, October 25