The party slowly moves into the back room of the palace.  From wall to wall, from its lush rug to its splendid ceiling, the air is filled with the roar, the hiss, and the cackle of a wildfire.  And yet only the faintest heat&#x2014;so faint that it is perhaps only imagined&#x2014;can be felt on the cheek.<br><br>Ielenia is curled up in the far corner of the room.  The others glance about for danger as they enter, but their eyes are never far from her and the lifeless body before her.<br><br>Grace, looking a bit smaller than usual, strained, and bald beneath her horns, draws the doors closed behind her and looks across to Ielenia.<br><br>&quot;Princess!  Come back to us.  It isn&apos;t real.  Not like we understand <em>real</em>, anyway.&quot;

-Ben, July 05

---

The distress on Ellie&apos;s face only magnifies when she sees her sister curled in the corner. Carefully avoiding the body of the man on the floor, she races to Ielenia&apos;s side. She kneels beside her and gently envelopes her in her arms.<br><br>&quot;It&apos;s ok...&quot; Ellie said as she stroked her copper hair, &quot;there&apos;s no fire. I&apos;m here now - you&apos;re safe. Grace says it&apos;s not real. The fire isn&apos;t real, Kit.&quot; <br><br>She tries to console her sister with Grace&apos;s words but she has a hard time believing them as she gurgles up more water and the persistent drip, drip, drip and lapping waves claw at her mind. 

-Nicole, July 06

---

Grace pulls her hood up, leans back against the door, and slides down to a seated position with a groan.<br><br>&quot;Ugh.  No.  Not real.  There&apos;s no heat here, no flames to consume the lacquered wood; no smoke to choke the lungs.  There&apos;s only magic and hatred run amok.  The visions, the sounds, the fear, the <em>pain</em>... all so vivid, so genuine... but... such <em>is </em>the domain of magic, isn&apos;t it?&quot;<br><br>She holds her head in her hands.<br><br>&quot;No, no, no, no.  Fuck this.  This place is a <em>nightmare</em>.  It&apos;s a nightmare that&apos;s trying to kill us.  I&apos;m not going to let it take me, dammit.  And I&apos;m not letting it take any of you either.  Stay with me, Princess, Ellie, Ursi... Roan, Oi... even you, shorty, I... I <em>need</em> you to stay with me.&quot;

-Ben, July 06

---

Ursinalia follows quickly on Ellie&#x2019;s heels toward Ielenia to help.
While dashing to other side of the room her left leg changes from elven to a
large orange tentacle. When she puts it down during her run it collapses and
sends her sprawling across the floor. She turns over and sits up dazed but her
leg seems back to normal now. She is unable to stand and scoots backward on her hands and knees until she is stopped by a wall. She is a few feet from Ellie and Ielenia. She sits with her legs outstretched in shock staring at her
limbs. <br><br>
<em>What is happening to
me!! This isn&#x2019;t supposed to work like this. I was always told it was an all or
nothing thing, you just can&#x2019;t be part animal it&#x2019;s not possible. It&#x2019;s not
possible to be two different animals. I&#x2019;m going to turn into an Octopus Bear
and never be able to change back. If I cant control the change how will I
control whatever beast takes over! I&#x2019;m going to be the one who kills all of my
friends and I&#x2019;ll never be able to live with myself! </em><br>

<br>

She is aware that the others are talking around her. Grace
is saying something but it doesn&#x2019;t register. She just stares at her hands
turning them over and over again muttering to herself, &#x201C;no no no no not Bear
not now. No no no...&#x201D; The stress and anxiety is too much for her to handle and
her long black cat tail starts flicking back and forth in time with her mutterings. <br>

-Amber  F., July 06

---

Ellie heard Ursi crash to the floor and saw her backing up to the wall, her face shocked. As she continued to console her sister, she heard Grace talking about this Hell they were in. <br><br>&quot;Only <em>magic?</em>&quot; The stress was plain in Ellie&apos;s voice. &quot;Drowning in <em>magical,</em> imagined water felt genuine enough to-&quot;<br><br><div>She stopped suddenly and turned to stare at Ursi.<div><div><div><em><br>&quot;</em>Ursi,&quot; she said with alarm, &quot;you&apos;re turning into Cat.&quot;</div></div></div></div>

-Nicole, July 06 (edited: July 06)

---

The word Cat is the only word to break through ursinalia&apos;s stunned shock. She look up to see Ellie staring at her with concern holding her sister in her lap. Then quickly back down at her hands then she sees it. Cat&apos;s tail swinging back and forth and fluffed up in the manner of any animal about to run into a fight. As ursinalia reaches down to stop the tail from moving it vanishes.She looks back up to Ellie still holding out her empty hands. <br><br>&quot; I don&apos;t know what is happening Ellie. There&apos;s no way this isn&apos;t real. I saw all that water. These animals are mine and they are betraying me. Cat is one thing but what if I fully change into Bear? What if she doesn&apos;t know you, doesn&apos;t know to help you instead of hurt you? I could cause more problems than you already have if that&apos;s even possible in this awful place. &quot; <br>

-Amber  F., July 06

---

Oi enters the door and scans the room. His mind races as he hears the fire but doesn&apos;t feel the heat or see any flame. The giggling and crying still ringing in his ears, coupled with this confusing sensory paradox is beginning to fray his mind. <em>What is this strange place? And what madness is this magic? <br><br></em>Seeing the fallen body on the floor, and knowing that Ellie would see to her sister&apos;s well being, Oi rushes to the man&apos;s side. Frustratingly out of spells, he uses the Spare the Dying cantrip in a desperate attempt to prevent the man from slipping beyond all hope. Confident he was able to cast the spell, but not in its effect, he examines the man&apos;s body frantically to determine what kind of medicine or magic might be able to help him. <em>If only I had some healing spells left! Even if I did though there&apos;s no telling whether this man is real or some sort of illusion. I have no idea what to think. Grace keeps talking about how this isn&apos;t real but everything sure looks and feels real to me. What&apos;s going on here?!?</em><em> Who is this man? Could it be Adran or is it one of the two Dashin who are supposedly in the palace as well? Could those two be the ones creating this effect? It doesn&apos;t seem likely...the depth...the power of this magic...it&apos;s beyond anything I could create, beyond the level of any of my family as well. My family. </em>His eyes widen. <em>No. They are hundreds of miles away. It&apos;s impossible that they would be in this place. I refuse to allow myself to traverse that horror.<br><br>&quot;</em>Roan, help me with this man! He&apos;s badly injured and I&apos;m so exhausted I can&apos;t really do much.&quot; He pants deeply, &quot;What do you think my friend? Is he real? Does he appear to be Dashin or elven?&quot;

-Keith U., July 07

---

&quot;Not... real.  Gods <em>damn it.</em>  This is Princess&apos;s old nightmare, remember?  That&apos;s her father dead on the floor, but it&apos;s not, <em>because most people who die don&apos;t come back for seconds. </em> Right?  Oh, fuck.  That had better not be someone else.<br><br>&quot;...No. I <em>know</em> what I saw out there.  My twisted magic was kind enough to consume me and hurl me through the ocean between worlds&#x2014;punishment for my fucking sins, I guess&#x2014;and I saw and heard it all.  All of the shit that&apos;s happening to us.  All the music that only Shorty can hear; all the water that chokes only Ellie&apos;s lungs.  Everything tormenting all of you, it was <em>there</em>.  You know what?  Fine.  Maybe that makes it real.  If that&apos;s what makes you assholes happy.  But you know what?  I know a thing or two about this magical bullshit.  <em>Normal shit doesn&apos;t bleed through the astral veil like that.</em>  This does.  This <em>isn&apos;t normal</em>.<br><br>&quot;Gods, what have I...?  No, we can <em>fight</em> it.  We just have to keep it together... dammit.&quot;

-Ben, July 07

---

&quot;What have you <em>what,</em> Grace?&quot; Ellie snapped, narrowing her eyes,  &quot;Let&apos;s say you&apos;re right - Ursinalia&apos;s not actually turning into Cat and Bear, there&apos;s no flames, I&apos;m not drowning. You said you saw what we are seeing but did you feel what comes with it? How do you suggest us <em>assholes</em> keep it together when we don&apos;t know what is, in your words, <em>real</em>?&quot;<br><br><em>Eiliatae. Drip... Pull. Yourself. Drip... Together. Drip... Drip...</em><br><br>She took a deep breath and exhaled quickly in frustration. <br><br>&quot;Magic is supposed to be your expertise. If this isn&apos;t normal,&quot; Ellie asked through gritted teeth, &quot;then what the Hell is it?&quot;<br>

-Nicole, July 07

---

After entering the room, Roan gently placed Alonso on the ground as far away from his party members as he could. In all his travels with them, he had never seen them act.... irresponsibly. Cautiously, he turned taking in his incredibly confusing, albeit somewhat hilarious, surroundings. The three elves in the corner: panicking and staring at her leg Ursi looked even more terrified than the inconsolable Ielenia, and Ellie seemed to only <em>just</em> managing to keep herself together. Grace, slumped next to the door, looking much worse for wear than ever now that she was balding. Illyrio, surprisingly quiet, and keeping to himself on the sides of the room. But most terrifying of all was the dread slowly creeping across Oi&apos;s face. Never had Roan seen the sunny disposition of the elf dimmed to this level of brooding darkness. Oi&apos;s expression terrified him the most out all the chaos which had erupted since entering the palace. Roan strode across the room to kneel next to Oi as he began to inspect the corpse.<br><br>&quot;I doubt there is much we can do for this man, but I will try or at least try to obtain his identification. In the meantime, will you re-dress Alonso&apos;s wounds? You were always much more skilled than I at the healing arts. As well as always remaining focused on what is needed.&quot;<br><br>Without any indication, and continuing to inspect the corpse, Roan lowered his voice so that it was barely audible. The others would not be able to hear him, but the message is clearly intended for Oi, and Oi alone.<br><br>&quot;I will need your focus and your help most of all of our companions. Whatever this power is, will likely only become stronger. Focus on the task at hand; helping our party, and bringing your light to them in their own personal darknesses. We will all need your strength tomorrow, but Ursi will need your comfort sooner.&quot;<br><br>After Roan is satisfied that his message was received, he turns his attention to Grace.<br><br>&quot;Ellie is right. You know the most about the magical arts. Someone once told me that magic can make impossible things occur, but not also to everyone. What would it take for magic to &apos;bleed out&apos; from beyond this plane of existence? And what more can you tell us about these planes or your trip? We will need to find the deeper truth behind all of our experiences, or I fear a worse fate may befall us.&quot;

-Carolyn M., July 07

---

Fire. Fire raged everywhere. She screamed and ran to the back corner of the room, but the wall of flames kept advancing. &quot;ELLIE!&quot; Ielenia screamed, coughing, holding her arms out above her head. Clawing desperately at the walls around her, she screamed louder, &quot;OI!!!&quot; but no help came. No one was there to acknowledge her plight. <em>I&apos;m going to die </em>she thought desperately. The terror inside her was burning as hot as the flames licking at her heels. The tears fell, unbidden. Coughing and sobbing, Ielenia turned to face her death. Squinting against the heat, backed into a corner, she heard a shuffling that had nothing to do with the roaring flames. &quot;Ellie?&quot; Ielenia sputtered hopefully, daring to look into the flames for any sign of rescue. <br><br>Inching closer to the fire, she called out again, but it was a man&apos;s face that burst through the flames, red hair catching light. Ielenia&apos;s mouth dropped, she staggered backwards, pressing herself as far into the walls as she could. The smoke was piling into the room, but there was no mistaking her vision. Adran stood before her. Blinking at the apparition, Ielenia managed to do nothing more than squeak out a few unintelligible sounds. Reaching towards her, Adran&apos;s eyes burst into flames, and a voice from the underworld seemed to resonate within Ielenia&apos;s very bones. &quot;<em>You killed me kit.&quot; </em>The voice hissed, fire spitting with every word. &quot;<em>YOU BROUGHT THIS UPON ME&quot; </em>the voice roared, lunging for Ielenia. <br><br>Letting lose a blood curdling scream, Ielenia sank into the corner, covering her head with her hands, Frantically praying to anything that could be listening for her life to be spared. The evil howling came to a sudden stop as the body suddenly dropped in front of Ielenia. It&apos;s eyes opened, it seemed to stare into her with a malice powerful enough to tear apart her soul.<br><br>Ielenia broke. Crying hysterically, she dropped her head between her knees and wrapped her arms around her legs, not daring to look up and face Adran, to face her sins. Rocking back and forth against the wall, she cried until all the tears she had were eaten up by the searing heat. Until all she could do was let out a moan. <em>I&apos;m going to die. <br><br>~~~<br><br>I&apos;m dreaming. </em>Ielenia thought. <em>What a kindness that the last image I&apos;ll see in this world is my sister by my side. </em>Continuing to rock herself, Ielenia was vaguely aware of some sounds coming from her new fever dream. <em>Strange.... </em>Ielenia thought. <em>Her hand feels so cool. </em>The words her sister was mumbling began to come into focus &quot;....&apos;lenia... not... real..&quot; Eyes snapping open, Ielenia suddenly pushed herself erect. And there was Ellie, real as her father had been, flames creeping up her cloak towards her hair. Remembering the flames bursting from Adran&apos;s eyes, Ielenia let loose another blood curdling scream, barely registering the voice as her own. <br><br>Tearing off her sister&apos;s cloak, she threw it into the fire, but it was too late, Ellie&apos;s hair was already catching. Fumbling for her dagger, Ielenia gripped her sister&apos;s hair in one hand and swiftly cut off the last couple inches burning at the bottom. Coughing from the new smoke pouring into her lungs, Ielenia dragged her sister into the corner, desperately grabbing at her, reassuring herself that Ellie was real. Emotionally and physically exhausted, Ielenia tried to sob, but the tears were dry. For now at least, they were safe.

-Rachel M., July 07

---

&quot;<em>Expertise</em>,&quot; Grace spits, after a moment&apos;s pause to watch Ielenia come to rest.  &quot;This is my expertise, all right.  Chaos and pain.  You know I once spent half my waking hours in old libraries trying to make sense of the magic?  Wizards, you see&#x2014;doddering old men and crooked old ladies&#x2014;scraping at the edges and coming away with pretty little glittering shavings to show their kings and dukes and writing all about it.  But some of them get a little deeper.&quot;<br><br>Grace looks up at Roan from beneath her hood.<br><br>&quot;When I saw... a little deeper... I stopped reading.  I didn&apos;t want anything to do with it.  I didn&apos;t want anything to do with <em>this</em>.  But it doesn&apos;t seem like I have a choice.<br><br>&quot;Here&apos;s what I know.  There&apos;s a rampant, hateful magic here.  The same... the very same baleful power that makes me who I am.  I can barely channel it in the best of times, but here, <em>here</em> it rushes and floods and blasts apart what feeble levees I raise to direct it.  The wizards, arrogant bastards they are, have attempted to contain it with a name: <em>wild magic</em>.  But everything I&apos;ve read about wild magic&#x2014;and places that are soaked in it&#x2014;suggests that in places like this, it should be felt in all spells, in all spellcasters.  So far, it has only affected me.  Why?  Am I its conduit?  Is all this torture <em>my</em> doing? <em>What have I done,</em> Ellie?&quot;<br><br>She pauses and closes her eyes.<br><br>&quot;No, I don&apos;t know that for sure.  What I do know is that when I evoked one of my usual bolts of fire into my hands, I was, for just a moment, dragged by the fingertips into the Astral Sea.  Like I said before, it is the great, endless silver sea in which it is said our world, with its dirt and sky, is afloat, in a manner of speaking.  Normally it&apos;s very difficult to see back into the material plane from the sea, but I was just so damn close to this plane that I could see everything in that room as a silvery blur.  But more than that.  I heard the music and voices that Illyrio heard and the crying that Oi hears.  The dripping and the waves you hear, Ellie.  I saw Ursi as a grotesque gray blob pocked with bits of fur and misshapen claws.  I saw a... golden specter looming over you, kid, and your southron friend there.<br><br>&quot;What does it mean?  I don&apos;t fucking know.  I&apos;ve never been in this horrible place before.  I don&apos;t know anything about the Astral Sea other than what I read a long time ago.  All that&apos;s familiar to me is the burning hate... the magic.  This is magic.  It&apos;s tormenting us all differently, but it&apos;s doing so in some manner that echoes... echoes outward into the sea.  I don&apos;t know what that means.  Maybe it&apos;s an affliction of the being?  Not a sword that cuts the flesh, but a force that pushes the heart toward the abyss.  If so... we can push back.  That&apos;s what I plan on doing.  I&apos;m going to fight.&quot;<br><br>Grace goes to run a hand through her hair but finds none.  Well, some, actually: in just a few minutes, her scalp has already grown a fine stubble.  She gives a frustrated sigh.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;ll have you know that you two are to blame for that.  You&apos;re the two who convinced me that fighting who I am is worth a shot.  I&apos;ll be sure to exact my revenge for that if we make it out of here.&quot;<br>

-Ben, July 07 (edited: July 07)

---

Illyrio was watching the world go to hell around him - or really, he was watching everyone around him go through their own personal hells - but at least the soundtrack was nice. Weird lullaby. Calming.<br><br>It had lulled him through the last battle with the ghost panthers. While everyone else seemed viscerally shell-shocked, Illyrio felt removed from danger, like this was all something he was watching but that he wasn&apos;t really there for. Because real life didn&apos;t have whispers and melodies in your head.<br><br>So Ursi turning into a cat, or Ellie&apos;s hysterics, these were like a story Illyrio was being told more than actuality.

-Charles G., July 07

---

Ellie wasn&apos;t sure what was more unsettling - Ielenia&apos;s screams or her panic as she tore the cloak from around her neck. She watched her cloak sail behind her but when she turned back to her sister, the glint of a dagger made her blood turn to ice. She felt a sharp tug and watched her raven hair float to the floor. As Ielenia dragged her to perceived safety, she tried without success to shove the feeling of helplessness from her mind.<div><br><em>We are going. Drip... insane. This place is driving us mad and. Drip... there is nothing we can do. I can&apos;t. Drip... help Ursi, can&apos;t help my sister just as I. Drip... couldn&apos;t help my Beloved. This place already took. Drip... my family, my courage. It is taking. Drip... everything. <br></em><br>Ellie turns to Grace,  her voice pulling at her thoughts, and hopes the tiefling can offer some solution to this nightmare; it quickly becomes apparent that she is just as affected as they are, albeit in a different fashion. <br><br>&quot;None of this is your doing, Grace.&quot; Her tone left no room for argument. &quot;Even if the power here is based out of the same cruel nature as your own, you are not wielding it against us. At least you are familiar with it; maybe that will help you to fight. I don&apos;t know... I don&apos;t understand how to push against it. When Roan opened that door...the wave... it was like I was a child again, back to the same nightmares of drowning, trying to scream as my lungs fill with water, except it was - it <em>felt-</em> real. What if this magic picks our minds apart, memory by horrible memory? Gods, what if I get the edge of that abyss and I don&apos;t even know I&apos;m jumping straight in? I didn&apos;t survive for over two centuries being easily swayed by any manner of things but this is far beyond a darkness I can comprehend. Wild magic... this is what you fight every day? I have a new appreciation for the difficulty of your sobriety.&quot; She laughed humorlessly. &quot;As for exacting your revenge, if we do make it out of here, I welcome you to try.&quot;</div><div><br>Ellie tries to smile at the challenge but only a joyless shadow of the expression appears on her face.  <br></div>

-Nicole, July 08

---

Breathing heavily against the smoke and heat, Ielenia stares at Ellie. <em>Grace? Wild magic? </em>&quot;Ellie?&quot; She coughed, taking her sister&apos;s face into her hands so she could look into Ellie&apos;s eyes. &quot;Who are you talking to? Is Grace here with the others? Are you okay?&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., July 08

---

Ursinalia spends a few moments sitting near the elves trying to calm herself. Ellie and Grace are having a tense argument about the reality of the situation were in. <em>It doesn&apos;t actually matter how &apos;real&apos; it is if we all end up dead anyways. No. Stop it. You need to get it together Ursi. If you can&apos;t even be calm in a stressful situation you&apos;ll never be able to control your changes. Bear and Wolf and will do as they please, I hope it&apos;s not Octopus shes the one I know the least, that would likely be the hardest to control. Ok deep breaths now.. <br><br></em>Ursinalia&apos;s concentration is broken and she forgets to breathe as Ielenia, suddenly in motion after lying prostrate for so long, whips Ellie&apos;s cloak of then pulls out a dagger. Ursinalia jumps up to protect Ellie from her sister as the dagger slices through her beautiful hair casting it across the room. She stops in her tracks realizing Ellie isn&apos;t in danger of being stabbed and slows just as she reaches the other elves and hears Ielenia&apos;s confused questions. <br><br><em>What!? oh my she cants see us, she&apos;s still stuck in her illusion. <br><br>&quot;</em>Ielenia, it&apos;s all of us. There is no fire in here. You are okay. Ellie is okay, we&apos;re all here and well alive at least.&quot; She says to Ielenia who is concentrating so hard on Ellie she&apos;s not sure she actually heard her. <br><br>She reaches down to pick up the now forgotten dagger so no one hurts themselves in all this crazy. But when she reaches for the knife she fumbles as both hands have become Bear&apos;s claws. The dagger clatters to the ground. <br><br><br>

-Amber  F., July 08

---

&quot;Ielenia, can you hear Ursi? She&apos;s standing right next to us.&quot;<br><br> Ellie jumped as the dagger hit the floor. She turned quickly towards the noise and stared straight at the paws of Bear. She couldn&apos;t help noticing the razor claws extending from what should have been Ursi&apos;s hands.<br><br>&quot;Try to stay calm, Ursi. Come sit down again.&quot; Her voice was more serene than she felt. She tore her eyes from the paws and looked at her face. &quot;Focus on staying as you for a little longer.&quot; <br><br>Ellie turned back to her sister, her eyes filled with worry. &quot;Everyone is here with me. Grace, Ursi, everyone. Can you not hear them at all? What do you see?&quot;<br>

-Nicole, July 09

---

Oi stares a bit dumbfounded at Roan but his moment of pride in his friend&apos;s ability to keep a level head is interrupted by a giggle and then a wail of pain. He jumps noticeably at the cry but clenches his jaw in an attempt to ignore the &quot;fake&quot; sound. He meticulously closes the man&apos;s eyes with a whispered prayer.  With a nod somehow conveying the ultimate finality, he uses Roan&apos;s shoulder as a crutch to rise from his crouch. and meanders over to Alonso. Upon arrival, Oi discovers that he&apos;s not as badly wounded as initially anticipated. Oi quickly and skillfully redresses the bandages covering the Dashin&apos;s body and, when satisfied the man is in stable condition, moves carefully toward Ursi. He sighs, <em>most of my family are druids or good friends with druids but I&apos;ve never seen anything like this before. The partial changing <em>just </em>doesn&apos;t make any sense. Hopefully I can keep her calm and occupied enough so that she&apos;ll be able to control herself if she does change.<br><br></em>As he walks over to his close friend, he slowly begins to roll up the left sleeve of his black leather vestment revealing fresh vibrant tattoo work covering his skin. The tattoos essentially bleed together into one large and incredibly intricate tattoo that, upon close examination resembles a forrest complete with flowers, herbs, massive trees, leaves, and all manner of fruit. As he reaches the far end of the room, he bends down gracefully to retrieve the fallen dagger and pockets it nonchalantly, making a mental note to return it to Ielenia once this nightmare is over. At the thought of her, Oi closes his eyes and mutters a short but heartfelt prayer. He opens his eyes shortly thereafter and gazes at Ursi. He flashes a smile full of compassion and sits down indian style at her feet. He pats the ground next to him softly, indicating for Ursi to sit with him, and holds out his left arm for her to view fully. &quot;Check out my <em>new</em> one!&quot; he grins, &quot;I don&apos;t think you&apos;ve seen this one yet. It might be the best work yet. Well&quot; he says after a moment, &quot;what do you think?&quot;

-Keith U., July 09

---

Ursinalia glances between Ellie who is speaking and the approaching Oi then back again to Bear&apos;s paws. <em>Focus. Focus on being Ursinalia. <br><br></em>No amount of focusing seems to be changing her hands back. They flicker briefly but then they belong to Bear again. The are quite ungainly without the rest of Bear to put them back in proportion. Oi is pulling his shirt up exposing his arm. <em>Thats probably not the smartest move Oi Bear knows the weaknesses of bare flesh... </em>But then he sits down and talks about his tattoo! <em>oh of course! <br><br></em>Ursinalia sits down next Oi and within an arms reach of Ellie and Ielenia. The dagger is gone now. &quot;I think you may be right it may well be the best addition yet&quot; <br><br>Ursinalia instinctually reaches out to trace the trees, the forest that she misses so much right now especially in this dungeon of a palace. Her hand gracefully follows the swirling lines and colors that make up a beautiful tree, it fans out to accommodate the wildlife that grows beneath it&apos;s protections. Once she realizes what she is doing she pulls her hand away as if from a flame only to find they are her own again. <br><br><em>Bear must respect the work too much to mar it up. </em> <br><br>&quot;oh, well thats better. But still I probably should refrain from touching you for the time being.&quot; Her expression changes to very serious, &quot; Oi, I&apos;ve never seen anything like this i&apos;ve never even heard of any druid being able to change only part of themselves. How could anyone be more than one it&apos;s against the rules. It&apos;s against the nature of the magic and everything they&apos;ve taught me. The only way it works it to be wholly one or another to put all your will into the animal&apos;s being but this, this isn&apos;t my will at all... But she is my Bear.. i know her. But she wont listen to me.&quot;<br><br>The last words are barley audible as Ursinalia lays her head on her friend&apos;s shoulder and begins to sob, the mental exhaustion too much for her to process and keep inside.  <br><br>

-Amber  F., July 09

---

&quot;I&apos;d be lying if I said every day was like this... but I&apos;d also be lying if I said that this is completely novel.  When I was a teenager, when it first started, I thought I was being called back to Hell.  It took me a few years to realize that I <em>could</em> bend the currents and fight through the tides.  And that maybe I wouldn&apos;t be making my homecoming just yet.  But for those few years I was the angriest, most miserable little girl you&apos;d have ever met.<br><br>&quot;Bah.  Ellie, I made it through that.  Alone.  I can make it through this.  Not alone.  And if I can, all of you can too, damn it.&quot;<br>

-Ben, July 10

---

<div>&quot;I see fire.&quot; Ielenia said flatly. Searching desperately for her friends, she scanned. &quot;Sometimes, it looks like there are forms behind the flames.&quot; But they can&apos;t be close to us. They&apos;d die. <em>You </em>would have died Ellie! That wall of fire,&quot; Ielenia pointed emphatically, &quot;Isn&apos;t going anywhere.&quot; Looking at her sister seriously, she said, &quot;Actually I&apos;m surprised you weren&apos;t burned to a crisp. How did you manage to get through the flames?&quot; <em>That noise... Sobbing? </em>&quot;Ellie,&quot; Ielenia said, suddenly glancing around, &quot;Where&apos;s my dagger?&quot;</div>

-Rachel M., July 11

---

&quot;No, Grace, you are not alone this time.&quot; Ellie&apos;s hollow smile broke into one more genuine. &quot;Someone has to keep encouraging you to fight and remind that angry, miserable little girl that there are people who care about her and all is not lost.&quot;<br><br>She quickly turned back to Ielenia when she began to describe what she saw. Her smile fell and she looked around for even a glimmer of the flames her sister described. All she saw was Oi comforting a sobbing Ursinalia and the rest of the party in the same state as a few moments ago.<br><br>&quot;Oi has your dagger, Ielenia. I know it seems so real but you are the only one who can see the flames. Those forms in the fire <em>are</em> your friends, not some shades your mind is creating. Oi is next to us, showing Ursi his new tattoo, and Grace... Grace is trying to reshape my outlook on our situation. Everyone is dealing with their own nightmares. Illyrio is hearing music, Ursi is changing into Cat and Bear without her direction, and Grace&apos;s magic is more unpredictable than usual. The only person who seems unaffected so far is Roan. We are all safe... for the most part.&quot;  <br><br>Ellie tried to will Ielenia to see the truth, as she stared straight into her eyes. &quot;I&apos;m not burned because there are no flames - it&apos;s all an illusion.&quot;

-Nicole, July 12

---

&quot;It&apos;s nice music. A lullaby. We should nap.&quot;

-Charles G., July 12

---

&quot;Like Hell Roan is unaffected.  Kid&apos;s hiding it, either because he&apos;s being oh-so-noble and putting on a brave face for his dear, beleaguered friends or because he&apos;s got skeletons he doesn&apos;t want us to know about.  Not that I have a problem with skeletons.  Frankly, I&apos;d just be peeved that I hadn&apos;t noticed earlier.&quot;<br><br>Grace gives Illyrio a sideways glance.<br><br>&quot;... Because you hear a lullaby that nobody else can?  I want you to think carefully about that and try to convince me to buy that argument.&quot;<br><br>She sighs.<br><br>&quot;Although... it is late, and I&apos;m spent.  I don&apos;t think I can keep pulling off the harder spells I know without some shut-eye.&quot;<br>

-Ben, July 13

---

Grace&apos;s words chilled him. As did what she said earlier about the golden figure following him. He didn&apos;t feel different, in fact this place felt the same as any other desecrated site he had visited. Perhaps a bit stronger, but nothing like the power the others were experiencing. Could that figure have something to do with it? Was it protecting him? Or only causing the others pain for a reason? He shuddered at the thought and returned to the task at hand.<br><br>&quot;Grace, Illyrio, you two go ahead and sleep as much as you can. You both will have the last watch early in the morning. I&apos;ll take the first watch and try to help relax the elves. Ursi and Oi, do you think you both could sleep soon as well? I will need someone to switch shifts with me in a couple hours.&quot;<br><br>Roan carefully walks over to Illyrio to clasp his shoulder. A moment of silence passes between them, but the manliness of the greeting conveyed Roan&apos;s thanks and relief that Illyrio wasn&apos;t greatly affected. Standing again and even more cautiously approaching Grace, Roan kneels before her, giving a wide berth.<br><br>&quot;I do not know why this place hasn&apos;t affected me, but I intend to use that fact to my advantage to support the rest of you. If you need me in any way, I will support you to the best of my ability. You are my friend, so I will not lie to you. Whatever happened to you earlier with losing control... it scared me. But it will not change my loyalties, or my desire to protect you and the others. Please sleep try to sleep now, I will help Ielenia.&quot;<br><br>Roan waits briefly for Grace&apos;s response, and then approaches the elves. He looks at Ursi and Oi, carefully calming her, and he admires Oi&apos;s strength and kindness. <em>Even though he is just as affected, he still strives to help her. I will remember to express to him my joy with having a friendship with one so strong.</em> And then he turns his attention to Ellie attempting to calm her sister in the corner. Since Ielenia said she could see shadows behind flames, he decides it might be a good idea to slowly approach her. She&apos;s pretty dangerous without her dagger. Roan crouches on the ground, and slowly creeps toward Ielenia&apos;s unaccompanied side.

-Carolyn M., July 13

---

Grace furrows her brow at Roan.<br><br>&quot;You&apos;ve either gotten <em>very</em> good at lying, or you&apos;re lying to yourself, or...&quot;<br><br>She pauses, searching Roan&apos;s face with her strange, solid-colored eyes while her thoughts sublimate.  After a moment, she sighs (again) and looks back to him with an expression of rare apology.<br><br>&quot;... Bah.  No, that&apos;s... not fair to you.  I&apos;ll take your word for it.  But stay on your toes, kid.  If you&apos;re going to be beset by your darkest fears, you want to deny them the element of surprise.&quot;<br><br>She begins to unfasten her bedroll from her backpack.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m sure you know I&apos;m the only one more frightened of me than you are.  Your loyalty in spite of that... it may seem bull-headed and naive to me, but I appreciate it anyway.&quot;

-Ben, July 13

---

&quot;They&apos;re...they&apos;re what? They can&apos;t be next to us. They&apos;d burn! Can&apos;t you feel the heat? It has to be real! Your cloak was ON FIRE Ellie!&quot; Shaking her head in desperation, Ielenia felt like she was losing her mind. &quot;Ellie... they have to be real. What force in the world could make something like this?&quot; Ielenia declared, scanning the wall of fire, her eyes resting on the fallen form of her father. Shaking slightly, she lifted a finger. &quot;He... <em>that... </em>That was real.&quot; <br><br>Quickly averting her gaze, Ielenia stared at the dancing flames. Squinting, she saw a shadow growing in the fire. A very big shadow. And it was creeping towards her. &quot;Ellie!&quot; Ielenia screamed, panicked. &quot;They&apos;re coming back!&quot; Whimpering, Ielenia attempted to scramble behind her sister, wedging herself into the corner of the room, desperate to escape what she presumed to be another flaming man.

-Rachel M., July 13

---

Ellie whirled around to a crouched fighting stance to face the specter. Her blade was half drawn before her eyes widened and she hurriedly shoved the sword back into the scabbard.<br><br>&quot;It&apos;s just Roan, Ielenia. It&apos;s okay, it&apos;s only Roan.&quot; <br><br>She sank to one knee and ran her hand through her hair, one part ending about three inches before it should have. She brought the severed ends to her eyes and then looked back to Roan, a massive man in heavy armor trying, and succeeding, to sneak up on them. Laughter bubbled up before she could stop it. As she moved to one side of Ielenia, her laugher turned to coughing and she spit water from her lungs. She leaned her head back on the wall and then lifted it with great effort to acknowledge Roan.<br><br>&quot;She doesn&apos;t know it&apos;s you but maybe you can make her see. I know Grace said some golden figure was following you,&quot; her azure eyes  flickered around the empty air before settling back on Roan, &quot;but you seem like yourself.&quot;<br><br>Ellie sighed heavily before whispering, &quot;I don&apos;t know how to help her.&quot; 

-Nicole, July 14

---

Ielenia terrified was enough to make anyone pause. Roan had always admired her independence and her bond with her sister, but never felt very close to her because of her aloofness. I&apos;m probably the last person in the party she wants to see right now, but she&apos;s just going to have to deal with it.<br><br>&quot;Ellie, is there anything you can do to try to soothe her. I doubt reason will work until we can calm her down. Do you know and songs from Afon? I know a few battle tunes, but I doubt those will help to calm her nerves. I would like to also try to get close enough so that she can see me, if that&apos;s possible.&quot;<br><br>Roan continues to move closer to Ielenia, holding his arms in a open gesture meaning no ill-will. Perhaps it will be convoluted by the hallucination in her mind, but Roan decides to try to hug her and Ellie at once.

-Carolyn M., July 14

---

Ellie gives Roan a quick nod and gathers Ielenia close. She begins to sing a beautiful and gentle melody in Elvish while she strokes her sisters hair to calm her.

-Nicole, July 14

---

After several minutes that seemed more like hours of crying, hearing Oi&apos;s gentle comforts Ursinalia hears a beautiful sweet melody. It&apos;s a song it sounds so familiar but she can&apos;t quite place it. It&apos;s a lovely graceful song that sounds like the beginnings of a story. Ursinalia begins to focus on the voice and the music and is finally able to control her tears. At first thinking the music is another illusion then finally realizing that it is coming from Ellie who is petting Ielenia to try to calm her also while Roan is hugging the both of them. <br><br><em>She really is an amazing Elf, beautiful, skilled and the softest voice. I don&apos;t think she realizes quite how wonderful she is. None of us would be doing half as well as we are right now if it weren&apos;t for Ellie. Oi seems to be enjoying the sound too. She is so charming. <br><br></em>Ursinalia begins to unconsciously play with the little pearl that found it&apos;s way from her pouch to her hand, worrying it between her fingers. She scoots over to the wall only a few feet from the elf girls and Roan to be closer to the music. She leans her head back against the wall clutching her precious gem. Eventually she begins to nod as the song continues to build. The story plays itself out but she never hears the ending as she slips into trance and begins to rest, finally. 

-Amber  F., July 16

---

&quot;Roan?&quot; Ielenia murmured, asking the flames softly as the shadow grew bigger. Leaning gratefully into Ellie as she sang, Ielenia watched wide-eyed as Roan emerged from the fire unscathed, no smoke pouring out of his eyes or ears. Surprisingly gentle, Roan wrapped Ellie and Ielenia into a warm embrace. Taking a shuddering breath, Ielenia closed her eyes and grabbed onto both Ellie and Roan, afraid she would lose them if she moved an inch. Relief flooding her senses, a few remaining silent tears fell as Ielenia sat there with her friends, feeling as though she had finally found some mooring in the chaos swirling around her. After a few moments passed and Ellie&apos;s song had ended, Ielenia opened her eyes to see the rest of the party scattered across the room. Though the flames were no longer visible to her eyes, she still felt the immense heat weighing upon her and heard the fire crackling and spitting, waiting on the outskirts of her mind to drag her under again.<br><br>&quot;Thank you.&quot; Ielenia said gently. Not quite willing to let go of her friends just yet, Ielenia snuggled a little closer to Ellie and Roan. When she was feeling brave enough to break the warm and comfortable silence, Ielenia said, &quot;I don&apos;t understand. Are you two actually real or am I already dead?&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., July 17 (edited: July 17)

---

Roan spoke before Ellie had a chance to respond.<br><br>&quot;You are very much alive, and all of us are definitely still trapped in the Prosvitalty Palace. Only for the night though. It appears that the magic here is somehow affecting each of us, by making us experience some of our worst fears. Well, most of us. In Illyrio&apos;s case, it seems to be some creepy music and non-threatening whispers. Your sister has been greatly affected as well, but we can&apos;t see what you&apos;ve experienced. Can you tell us what is was you saw?&quot;

-Carolyn M., July 17

---

&quot;So the body...&quot; Ielenia trailed off. &quot;You can&apos;t see it?&quot; Laughing dryly, Ielenia rocked back onto her heels, back thudding against the wall. She raked both of her hands through her hair and muttered, &quot;I&apos;m going crazy. I&apos;m actually losing my mind.&quot; Remembering Roan&apos;s question, Ielenia let her hands fall to her knees, drawing in a deep breath. &quot;It was like I was back in the house where my father was ambushed.&quot; She stared off towards the center of the room. &quot;All of this,&quot; she gestured, sweeping her hand across the plane of her vision, &quot;Was engulfed in flame. Save this corner where we now sit.&quot; Closing her eyes tightly, Ielenia massaged her temples, mentally preparing herself to relive the next part of her nightmare. &quot;And then my father appeared out of the fire. I thought it was one of you coming to rescue me. His hair was on fire, and oh Gods, his eyes... Flames and smoke were spitting out of them, and they roared from his mouth every time he spoke to curse me. He blames me for...&quot; Ielenia paused, opening her eyes and reaching out for Ellie&apos;s hand. &quot;I suppose if it wasn&apos;t for me, he would still be alive.&quot; 

-Rachel M., July 19