Like much of the rest of the palace, this wide gallery is possessed with a fallen elegance.  The carpet is elaborately spun but faded and caked with dust.  The walls are ornamented with splendid carvings but shrouded in shadows.  The ceiling, once illuminated by glittering chandeliers, is barren and dark.<br><br>Several rotted corpses litter the floor of the gallery along with the body of a fallen dragon.  As young as it is&#x2014;its brassy brown scales have only just begun to hint at the metallic shine of adulthood&#x2014;it is a frightfully large creature, and its unfolded, fan-like wings span around 25 feet.<br><br>In the north corner of the room, Oi has made a discovery.  A white sheet was laid over a collection of furniture as if to protect it from dust, but when Oi made to remove it, he felt the soft chill of gold.  The white sheet and the boxy shapes underneath it were a simple illusion concealing a marvelous heap of gold and silver coins, colorful gems, intricate statuettes, and half-buried implements of war.<br><br>Grace, her heart still pounding, slowly loosens her grip on the dragon&apos;s jaw and dares to take her eyes off of it for a look around.<br><br>&quot;... Roan?  Oi?  <em>We need to talk</em>.&quot;

-Ben, July 19

---

Oi breathes heavily and fast, pressing ever closer to exhaustion both physically and mentally. <br><br>Unable to maintain his composure, the memory of the arc of that huge sword and the horrified look in his youngest sister, Sia&apos;s, lifeless eyes as her head rolled across the floor painfully sears through his unwilling mind. He shakes his head violently and shuts his eyes tight, trying to force the nightmare away but all he can do is hear Thia&apos;s terrified screams as she watches her twin sister&apos;s murder and his covered in warm sticky blood. Unable to stop his train of thought, he relives the whole haunting sequence over again. He recalls racing past Sia&apos;s still twitching body and through the ever growing pool of blood, knowing that his smaller spells wouldn&apos;t work to save her now, to Thia and scooping her up before sprinting to the safety of the hallway with her over his shoulder. He recalls re-entering the room and knowing that he only had seconds to touch Sia&apos;s body and cast Revivify before her spirit and body were too far apart for his menial skills to mend. He knew the diamonds were the only thing he needed to save his family and the size of the puddle of blood was growing ever larger. His sister&apos;s lifeless eyes stared at him and her mouth was open in a silent scream and it distracted him from his thievery. With deep sorrow, he remembers his failure to steal the diamonds from Grace&apos;s pouch and fighting his companions, frantically trying to save his sister as only he could. He recollects screaming at Roan and all who would listen for help but that no one believed him. At that memory, he moans audibly from the dark reaches of the room at his colossal failure.  The memories and emotions continue to flood through him as he then recalls the joy intwined with hopelessness as his deceased sister was no where to be found. How could he <em>touch</em> her body if she had been made invisible, was it <em>real</em>? He recalls everyone pleading with him that it was only an illusion and Ielenia&apos;s warm hug. He feels remorse for breaking the hug so that he could rush out in the empty hall to make sure Thia was still safe. He recalls the mixture of emotions as it dawned on him that it was all an illusion and his friends were correct. At this realization he falls to his knees before the treasure and pounds the floor between sobs of sorrow. Hunched over, and in the dark, all he can do is sob with his forehead pressed to the floor as he comes to grips with the scope of his calamity. 

-Keith U., July 20

---

Ursnialia is exhausted and bewildered by the sights in front of her. She sees the dragon slump to the ground unconscious as grace rushes forward she moves her moon beam out of the way so it&apos;s wont hurt her. She hold her concentration on the spell for another minute, waiting for the dragon to wake and knowing this was her last moonbeam for the day. Eventually Grace releases the Dragons snout and she drops the moonbeam as she begins to look around the room. <br><br><em>I just don&apos;t have the energy for this... Those wailing creatures, whatever they were were the worst thing i&apos;ve ever heard. I never even got a look at them! I think i&apos;ll just sit, right here, just for  a little while. The other can figure out what is going on with the dragon and the illusion and i&apos;ll just rest a bit. just a minute. </em><br><br>Ursinalia begins to droop noticeably, then in her tired state just sits down in the hallway where she was. She is very clearly spent.  She leans her back against the wall and tries to block out the world around her...<br><br><em>She imagines spinning, twirling around the Grand Ballroom looking to Illiorion&apos;s eyes. He&apos;s a bright as ever. Always a shining spot against the darkness of the world. They are kissing, carefree and wild. He is so much of everything she loves in the world. The whirling in circles reminds her of the whirlwind that was their love. Chasing him through the forest, hunting together, practicing her shapes and trying to sneak up on him. Watching him as all of her selves. Spinning, looking in his bright eyes, spinning, more spinning. </em>

-Amber  F., July 20

---

Ellie stared in fearful fascination as Grace released the jaws of the lifeless dragon. It was smaller than the last one she had seen this close, and the scales were a different color, but that didn&apos;t make it any less imposing. There was so much power and destruction in one creature yet it had apologized as it changed, as if it couldn&apos;t help what it was about to do. Despite the fact that its fire had torched her to near unconsciousness, she couldn&apos;t seem to tear her eyes from the massive wings or armored scales. Her boots carried her toward the inert form until she was only a few feet away. She regarded the beast warily and slowly reached out a hand to touch the brass scales. Just as she was about to touch the dragon, sobs broke through her thoughts and she snatched her hand back. She turned to see Oi huddled on the floor, his body convulsing with tears. She hesitated for a moment as she saw Ursi propped up against the wall in the hallway but the pain in Oi&apos;s crying was too much for her to ignore. She would go to check on her as soon as she could. Glancing back to the dragon, she shivered and walked across the room until she was next to Oi. <br><br>Kneeling beside him, she placed her hand on his back and softly sang a story in elvish about the twin goddesses. Singing had helped calm the elves before, but as she finished her song, Ellie knew she would never be able to sing away the mark this place was leaving on her companions.

-Nicole, July 20

---

&quot;Guys... We found the dragon... And it might be an elf?&quot;

-Charles G., July 21

---

Oi did not hear Ellie&apos;s approach over his uncontrolled sobs, and starts at the sudden hand on his back. He relaxes shortly thereafter, believing the hand belongs to Ursi, and he lays his forehead on the knee of the female elf who has come to comfort him. It&apos;s not until Ellie begins her song that Oi realizes his newest error, but he&apos;s too tired to move and frankly doesn&apos;t care at this point. He attempts to focus on the sweet familiar song between his sobs but it proves difficult as the exhaustion and horrific images of his decapitated sister continue to consume him. As Ellie finishes her song, Oi is no closer to having himself under control but is thankful for her attention and that she hasn&apos;t come to kill him.<br><br>&quot;Thank you...&quot; he says in a barely audible whisper between sobs, &quot;I&apos;ll be...&quot; he sniffles loudly, &quot;back to normal sometime.&quot; Smiling weakly, he lifts his head to meet Ellie&apos;s eyes, holding his emotions in check for a second or two and rasps, &quot;May I ask you a favor? WIll you please go check on Ursi for me?&quot; With that, he descends into another fit of emotion and curls into a ball with his back to Ellie, hoping to ride out the emotional storm without making too much of a fool out of himself.<br>

-Keith U., July 21

---

&quot;Of course.&quot; Ellie said quietly, rising from the floor with significant effort. Roan would take care of Oi if he needed help and was probably far more of a comfort to him than she could be. She tried to move to the hallway, even more concerned now that Ursi had not joined her at Oi&apos;s side, but standing had taken so much energy. It took much longer to get there than she would have liked. She checked on Ielenia first, Oi&apos;s shouts of his beheaded sister still fresh in her mind, before gingerly sitting down facing Ursi.<br><br>&quot;Ursi?&quot; The blonde elf looked so tired Ellie was afraid she wouldn&apos;t wake. She wasn&apos;t even sure she could hear her. &quot;I will leave if you like, but I wanted to see... to make sure you were alright.&quot;

-Nicole, July 21

---

Grace watches for a moment, but the tragedy of the scene dulls the edge of her protest.  She turns away to face the dragon with Illyrio.<br><br>&quot;<em>Saatzeat,</em> beast.&quot;<br><br>She kneels down to observe the dragon&apos;s head and foreclaws.<br><br>&quot;I don&apos;t think she was an elf at all.  She was a... <em>trap</em>.  You see these shackles?  They fail to restrain her movement in any way that would be useful to a captor.  They restrain her <em>will</em>.  She had only enough left to herself to beg forgiveness before the fight.<br><br>&quot;You see?  The shackles broke her.  They allowed her range of motion, but they turned her into an angry beast and forced her to disguise herself as a bound and helpless elf to better draw in prey.  That&apos;s what magic does.  It promises limitless freedom in the material world, but it lashes your will to its own.<br><br>&quot;Maybe we&apos;re all feeling the pull of these chains.  Or maybe it&apos;s yet another power apart from them.  I don&apos;t know.&quot;<br><br>Grace looks over her shoulder at Oi and Ellie and then back to Illyrio and the dragon.<br><br>&quot;The holy man bore the worst of it.  Nobody can resist raw magic like that.  We can only hope to be strong enough to shrug off the yoke when it&apos;s all over.&quot;<br>

-Ben, July 21

---

&quot;I don&apos;t like it...<br><br>Are these the chains we&apos;re supposed to bring back? Because if they are... that... SUCKS.&quot;

-Charles G., July 21

---

If the chains are even remotely responsible for the moment where every member of his party collapsed to the floor, leaving him alone to face a shrieking banshee until he could get some allies back on their feet, he wants no part of them. Illyrio likes his opponents corporeal... fleshy... so he can hit them... Even fighting this dragon as a relief because it was big and there and hittable, even if it was a dragon. If bringing the chains back to Cura means having these shades and ghouls follow them, he is... hesitant to say the least.

-Charles G., July 21 (edited: July 21)

---

&quot;Oh. &#xA0;<em>Fuck</em>. &#xA0;We weren&apos;t asked to bring the chains back. &#xA0;The <em>cult</em>. &#xA0;The cult that Star is investigating is after the chains. &#xA0;And we...&quot;<br><br>Grace looks out the open doorway the party came through.<br><br>&quot;We cleared a path for them. &#xA0;Shit. &#xA0;We have to take these with us. &#xA0;We&apos;ve got to sneak them back to Heliopis and find Star.&quot;<br><br>She winces.<br><br>&quot;... Princess will be delighted, I&apos;m sure. &#xA0;Gods, I hope he knows how to break these things. &#xA0;If these really are the Chains of the Aquamvolanti, and I&apos;m right about what they do, I don&apos;t want <em>anybody</em>&#xA0;to have them.&quot;<br>

-Ben, July 21

---

&quot;Including us. Don&apos;t want them. NOPE.&quot;<br><br>Catching on to some of what Grace is saying.<br><br>&quot;Wait, what do you think they do? Is this place haunted because of the chains? What could the cult do with them?&quot;

-Charles G., July 21

---

The comforting image of dancing with Iliorion is interrupted by the sound of a familiar voice, but it sounds so far away. As Ursinalia opens her eyes she sees Ellie&apos;s face where she was imagining Illiorion and is thrust back into reality. Ellie is talking about leaving her alone.<br><br><em>No don&apos;t leave.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;</em>Ellie&quot; Ursinalia smiles. &quot; I&apos;m sorry, I was trying to be somewhere else, just for a few minutes. This place.. it&apos;s so.. well I&apos;ve never been so terrified and so tired and felt so utterly helpless all at the same time. I spent so much magical energy to fight only to be knocked off my feet. I almost want to change now, to be Bear, She is so much stronger than I am. So I was pretending, that I wasn&apos;t sitting on the floor too tired even to look out for my friends.&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>At that thought Ursinalia sits up straight with realization that Oi is probably not okay. She only heard about the struggles with him in the earlier battle because the Wolves were to busy during Oi&apos;s illusions but she hasn&apos;t even had a chance to check on him since. Looking around her now she realizes her and Ellie are alone in the hall everyone else is trying to figure out what to do next.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Oi! is Oi okay? where is he? I shouldn&apos;t be sitting here like a useless little girl! how can I help? we need to figure out what to do next.&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>Ursinalia begins to stand up but is very tired and her head starts swimming as she stands too quickly. It&apos;s almost as if she were still spinning and spinning. She feels the strong arms of Ellie as she steadies her. After a few second she is able to hold herself up alright.&#xA0;

-Amber  F., July 21

---

&quot;I&apos;m... not completely sure. &#xA0;It&apos;s all so hard to tell in this damned city. &#xA0;My best guess is that Protsvitaly is haunted by the ghosts of its slaughtered denizens, regardless of the Chains. &#xA0;The torment could be stronger here because of the Chains themselves, because the palace had an intrinsic power that was perverted by the city&apos;s fall, or because it witnessed an even deeper atrocity amidst the chaos. &#xA0;Or, even, for no reason at all. &#xA0;Magic cannot always be simply explained.<br><br>&quot;As for the Chains, I think they bound the dragon&apos;s actions to someone else&apos;s will... or, worse, the Chains&apos; own will. &#xA0;A <em>dragon</em>. &#xA0;A beautiful creature of an ancient lineage, master of terrible magic in her own right, made slave to the whims of someone&#x2014;or something&#x2014;else.<br><br>&quot;Nobody who wants that power should ever be allowed to possess it.&quot;

-Ben, July 21 (edited: July 21)

---

&quot;Careful, Ursi.&quot; Ellie grimaced as she steadied her.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Grace and Illyrio are discussing the Chains and what to do with them. I left Oi under Roan&apos;s watch. He is safe but... distraught to say the least. I had hoped singing like I did for you and Ielenia would help, but I am no&#xA0;bard and it did not have the same effect. Watching his sister die... illusion or not, gods, that is something I only wish on my greatest enemies. Oi is too gentle for such horror.&quot; She frowned as she looked through the door. &quot;He wanted me to check on you.&#xA0;I was afraid you wouldn&apos;t wake up, some new trick of this&#xA0;insidious place. Although I&apos;m not sure I did you any favors by bringing you back from your dreams.&quot;<br><br>She turned back to Ursi and asked,&#xA0;&quot;Where was your... somewhere else? I hope you were remembering a far happier place than this.&quot;

-Nicole, July 21

---

&quot;Well I guess that brings us to the question of the moment: even if we wanted the damn things - and I, for the record, do not - how do we get them off. Ancient magic. Stronger than a dragon, and, of course, stronger than Roan&apos;s war hammer. Do these things even have a keyhole?&quot;

-Charles G., July 21

---

&quot;that is Oi always caring more for others than for himself, he&apos;s still behaving like himself then.&quot; <br><br>Ursinalia pauses and a subtle flush passes over her cheeks.&quot;oh well it was more of a Someone than a someplace I suppose. His name was Illiorion. Hew flew into my life and flew out of it just as fast, but the short time we had was a whirlwind of, well I don&apos;t really have words for it. He was a sorcerer training under Myrridin when I was in Pll Glw. He was the center of everything and everyone, everyone looked at him, but he looked at me. He was killed only more than a year after we met, it was an accident during training, I wasn&apos;t even there to try to stop it. Anyways more of a bittersweet memory than a happy one, thrust upon me by this place. &#xA0;I was excited to dance with him again but I see now it was just another cruel trick.&quot; <br><br>Ursinalia gives a sheepish grin and reaches for Ellie&apos;s hands as she say, &quot;No, I am glad you woke me from my forlorn memories you are a brightness in this dark place. I a way he lead me to you. After his death I dedicated myself to solving the mysteries that surround this place and the bloody sea, which brought me to Cura.&quot;&#xA0;

-Amber  F., July 21

---

The dragon having fallen and Oi having collapsed in a corner, Ielenia began slowly shuffling her feet towards her ailing friend. Back curling like she&apos;d aged another 500 years, Ielenia frowned at the memory of being knocked out by a... <em>well, I&apos;m not exactly sure what it was </em>not once, but <em>twice. </em>Making sure to take a wide course around the dragon, Ielenia managed to shuffle next to her sister as soon as Ellie started hurrying to check on Ursinalia. &quot;Go&quot; Ielenia waved meekly, knowing there was no power in the universe strong enough to stop her sister&apos;s mothering instincts. Confident she could not cheer Oi up where Ellie had failed, Ielenia slowly sank to her knees, then laid down flat on the ground, spreading out her arms and turning her face to satisfy her morbid curiosity by examining the deadly beast. Later when her mind wasn&apos;t so tired, she would think back on the lean, exquisite form made for both flight and fight, the energy that seemed to radiate from the dragon&apos;s body, the way the world must look from atop its back. But for now, she just stared.<br><br>Her keen ears eavesdropping on each conversation in turn, Ielenia finally forced the sluggish words out of her mouth, &quot;You&apos;re right Sunshine, I&apos;m not happy. But if stealing those chains means we can take our sorry asses back to the docks I&apos;d be happy to try my hand at unlocking them. Just keep that damn thing knocked out.&quot; Taking a moment to catch her breath, Ielenia added softly. &quot;It almost fried Ellie.&quot;

-Rachel M., July 21 (edited: July 21)

---

&quot;I don&apos;t give a shit that you don&apos;t want the Chains, Illyrio. &#xA0;Someone does, and I&apos;m not going to leave them here to be found.&quot;<br><br>Grace steps toward the dragon. &#xA0;She realizes she&apos;s a little out of her depth here, but she has to try anyway. &#xA0;She pulls back her hair&#x2014;just now returning to neck-length&#x2014;puts her ear to the dragon&apos;s scaly neck to listen for breathing or a pulse. &#xA0;She makes eye contact with Ielenia and feels moved to try to cheer up her flattened friend.<br><br>&quot;Oh, come now. &#xA0;I really <em>did</em> think you&apos;d be happy. &#xA0;First, to be back in civilization, and second, to see me passionately reunited with my dear <em>amor</em>,&#xA0;Star. &#xA0;Or to hear me recite some choice curses at him, at least.&quot;<br>

-Ben, July 21

---

Ellie&apos;s face contorted with anger. &quot;Damn the cruelty of this place! To see him for a moment and then rip him away-&quot;<br><br>She swallowed her words and her expression melted to a&#xA0;pained understanding. Her voice was more controlled when she spoke again.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m surprised we never met by chance in Pwll Glo. It was fortunate you were at the inn the night we arrived in Cura but I wish the circumstances surrounding your choice to be there had been happier.&#xA0;An accident... and Myrrdin could do nothing? Oh, Ursi,&quot; Ellie breathed, squeezing her hands. &quot;I am so sorry. Is Illiorion who you meant when I asked if you knew Death?&quot;

-Nicole, July 22

---

&quot;Whoa, Gracie! Things are finally starting to settle down, for the moment at least - no need to go back to the hysterics. We can finally attempt to be sensible.<br><br>I fully expect to overruled on the Chains thing, but none of that matters if we can&apos;t get them off. Which brings me back to the question I actually had, which is what do we need to do to remove them. Because hitting them didn&apos;t work, and hitting things is what I do.&quot;

-Charles G., July 22 (edited: July 22)

---

Ielenia&apos;s mouth turned up into a grin. &quot;You know Grace, I can always count on you to know exactly what to say.&quot; Chuckling wryly and slowly, painfully, turning over to lay on her back, Ielenia asked, &quot;You wouldn&apos;t happen to know any curses in abysmal, would you? I think I&apos;d like to say a few choice words to this place myself.&quot; Taking care to move as little as absolutely necessary, she reached her hand into a pouch at her side to pull out a lock-pick. &quot;...it led me to you.&quot; Quickly turning her gaze towards Ellie and Ursi, she saw the two share an intense moment. Feeling puzzled and slightly uncomfortable with their intimacy, Ielenia opened her mouth to call out, but thought better of it. <em>I&apos;ll just ask Ellie later, </em>she decided, closing her mouth again.&#xA0;<br><br>Raising her arm over her head, she meekly waved the lock-pick in Illyrio&apos;s direction. &quot;&apos;Lyrio,&quot; she muttered. &quot;We can give this a try. But if it comes down to having a will stronger than an ancient dragon-binding magic chain we might just need to get Roan to come over and pray on it or something.&quot; Letting her arm fall limp behind her head, Ielenia glanced at Oi, still curled up in a corner. <em>Damnit I should have said something. &quot;</em>Hey Oi!&quot; Ielenia called out gently, patting the ground next to her. &quot;Misery loves company!&quot; <em>Damnit.&#xA0;</em>

-Rachel M., July 22 (edited: July 22)

---

Grace gives Illyrio a mildly peeved look for the word &quot;hysterics.&quot;  She listens for a moment longer, and then she lifts her head and gently strokes the dragon&apos;s neck just below the dorsal frill.<br><br>&quot;... Carefully.  She&apos;s still alive.&quot;<br><br>One hand still on the dragon&apos;s neck, she kneels down again to get a closer look at the manacles.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;ll need some time.  It takes a bit to begin to feel even the most basic enchantments.  Something as powerful and intricate at this?  I don&apos;t want to make a rush job of it.  I want to feel the curves, the woven strands, the jagged edges, the simmering heat of the magic.  I want to feel as much as I can so I can make my best guess of how to get it off... and what else might happen when we try that.&quot;<br><br>Grace has a seat with her back to the dragon&apos;s neck, inspecting the chains while absentmindedly working her hands over the links.<br><br>&quot;Infernal is what humans call the language.  <em>Iatagon</em> is what it calls itself.  I already used the really good one&#x2014;<em>saatzeat</em>, which is something like &apos;your fury is broken&apos;, but what it really means is, &apos;fuck you, I won&apos; with all of the hate you can muster.  Well, usually.  I... don&apos;t think I meant it that way just now.  You might like <em>raethith-luz</em>.  It&apos;s a slur for someone who thinks themselves above you but for whom you have utter, justified contempt.  Kind of like, &apos;shit-eating weasel in fancy clothing,&apos; but in a world where hierarchy is everything.<br><br>&quot;I think I like it because it translates so poorly.&quot;<br>

-Ben, July 22 (edited: July 22)

---

Releasing Ellie&apos;s hands, &quot; Yes, that is what I meant. Myrridin was not there either, perhaps if he had been it would not have happened. Illiorion was brash and sometimes unthinking. He let his heart lead him and not his head, and when you are learning magics that you can not control it can be dangerous.&quot; Clearly changing the subject, &quot;perhaps we should go back in and check on the others now.&quot;<br>

-Amber  F., July 22

---

Frowning, Ielenia realized she was probably the brunt of Grace&apos;s joke. &quot;Every time I say something nice about you, you go and contradict it. You know that? You know what, I..&quot; for once, Ielenia held her tongue. &quot;Forget about it.&quot; she grumbled, rolling over so her back faced Grace and the dragon.&#xA0;

-Rachel M., July 22

---

Ellie took a step back from Ursi, distancing herself from her and the conversation. &quot;Yes, I think so. I&apos;m sure Oi would welcome your presence.&quot;<br><br>She walks into the room with Ursi and heads straight to Ielenia sprawled on the floor. She halts abruptly next to her sister when she realizes how she is laying. Her eyes dart from her sister, to Grace fiddling with the Chains, to Illyrio and finally to the dragon&apos;s head. She shakes her head with a small smile.<br><br>Drawing her bow calmly, she nocks an arrow and draws the string taut, aiming at the dragon&apos;s neck.<br><br>&quot;Turning your backs on a dragon?&quot; She closed one eye and stared down the arrow to line up her shot. &quot;I thought I was the only one going insane.&quot;<br><div>She stood very still, holding the drawn bow, her eyes glued to the dragon for even the slightest twitch in Ielenia&apos;s direction.&#xA0;</div>

-Nicole, July 22

---

Grace looks up from the chains with a start, worried.<br><br>&quot;No! &#xA0;No no no. &#xA0;It&apos;s not about... look, you have this thing where you think you&apos;re hot shit, and I love that. &#xA0;<em>R</em><em>aethith</em>&#xA0;is more like... &apos;pretender to power.&apos; &#xA0;It&apos;s about someone who <em>actually</em>&#xA0;thinks they&apos;re higher up on the ladder than you are. &#xA0;A fat merchant who huffs and puffs his way down the stairs after making you wait for twenty minutes so it seems like he&apos;s in demand. &#xA0;And <em>luz</em>&#xA0;is like... well... scum beneath one&apos;s boot. &#xA0;Come on, Ielenia. &#xA0;I like you way too much to say something like that about you. &#xA0;Hell, I never even said shit like that about <em>Quel</em>, and I <em>hated</em>&#xA0;that guy.&quot;<br>

-Ben, July 22 (edited: July 22)

---

Though she tried her best to keep her frown, Ielenia couldn&apos;t help but smile. Turning her head back towards her companion, Ielenia said sincerely, &quot;I like you too Grace.&quot; Eyes now watching Ellie approach, Ielenia continued, &quot;I don&apos;t think I&apos;m hot shit, though I certainly won&apos;t correct you if you think otherwise.&quot; Ielenia took a moment to flash a snarky grin back towards Grace before her expression became more pensive. &quot;It&apos;s just... Well. I was raised alone in the woods with my father and sometimes an uncle. People never stayed in my life very long, and even if they did they weren&apos;t to be trusted. I imagine anyone&apos;s interpersonal skills would be a bit rusty given the circumstances. Ever imagine your life if you hadn&apos;t fallen in with those sailors?&quot;<br><br>Eyes twinkling with amusement, Ielenia watched as her sister knocked her bow. Voice lined with laughter, she said, &quot;My plan Ellie, is to look so pitiful that the dragon will go after more enticing prey. I think I&apos;m doing a pretty good job so far.&quot; Eyes darting over to ensure Ursi was wrapped up in conversation with Oi, Ielenia quickly dropped her mirthful tone and said quietly in elvish, &quot;Ellie. I think Ursinalia has a crush on you.&quot;

-Rachel M., July 23

---

Ellie opened both eyes and glanced at Ielenia. Her smile widened and she replied just as quietly in elvish, &quot;Oh, really?&quot; She couldn&apos;t keep the amusement out of her voice. <br><br>She carefully released her bow and joined her sister on the floor. &quot;Tell me if the dragon wakes and decides it wants to eat little foxes.&quot; She grinned as she ruffled Ielenia&apos;s copper hair and then leaned back to ponder her statement.<br><br>After a few moments, Ellie continued their private conversation. &quot;She was curious about my life in Protsvitaly, that I was here when the attack destroyed the city of our ancestors, a city she has dedicated her life to understanding... and I think she is appreciative of my skill with a bow. But why do you believe she has a different affection for me than anyone else in our party? &quot;

-Nicole, July 23

---

Smiling at her sister&apos;s affection, Ielenia thought. &quot;Well... She was bringing you flowers and telling you nice things about yourself all the time. That&apos;s what Quel did with Tynfi. Except it was beer instead of flowers. But I think the theory still holds.&quot;

-Rachel M., July 23

---

Grace, relieved, allows her eyes to descend to the Chains again... but it&apos;s not too long before they pop back up, this time with curiosity.<br><br>&quot;Yeah, well. &#xA0;Sailors. &#xA0;There&apos;s something I ought to tell you about... hey, wait. &#xA0;Was that my name I just heard?&quot;

-Ben, July 23

---

As they turned the corner Ursinalia saw Oi steeped over in sobs and sorrow. She hurried over to Oi and knelt down beside him. She reaches over to pull his face up to hers and puts her hands to his cheeks gently wiping away the tears there only to be replaced by more. She pulls him in close to her and holds him while he suffered from his traumatic experience. She looks in his eyes to make sure she has his attention then begins to whisper to him.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Shush Oi It&apos;s okay. It&apos;s all over now. The worst is done. Sia and Thia are safe. They are at home singing beautiful songs and dancing lovely dances and playing silly tricks. They are so alive and full of light and love. Can&apos;t you see them running around joyously like always? Tell me Oi what do you think they are doing right now, so very far from here, home safe and sound? Can you picture them pretending to be adults and casting fake spells with sticks as wands, they don&apos;t even pull the little saplings off the sticks! Tell me where are they now?&quot;&#xA0;<br><br><em>Come on Oi. Just try imagining them safe and happy. I should have gotten to him sooner. I got so wrapped up in my own failings and so distracted by Ellie. And Illiorion. I&apos;m a terrible friend, I wasn&apos;t even looking out for him when he needed me most of all!&#xA0;</em>

-Amber  F., July 23

---

Grace&apos;s question rekindled Ellie&apos;s amused smile. &#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Yes, it was.&quot; Ellie confirmed in the common tongue before returning to the quiet conversation in elvish with her sister. The smile did not leave her face.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Well, yes, Quel<em> did </em>give&#xA0;Tynfi beer and compliments, but I think the sentiment behind that was a little more salacious than Ursinalia gifting me the red thistle. He would have been more than happy to add Tynfi&apos;s name to his list of conquests and forget her in the morning; I&apos;m fairly certain Ursinalia&apos;s gift didn&apos;t come with the same strings. She knew I&apos;m studying herbs and thought I might find it pretty, which I did. I appreciated the gesture whereas Tynfi, most decidedly, did not.&quot; She raised an eyebrow. &quot;I am surprised you would consider my interaction with Ursinalia on par with theirs.&quot;<br><br>Ellie glanced sideways and leaned closer to her sister. &quot;Did you want to include our former drinking partner on this, little fox?&quot; She inclined her head toward Tynfi, her eyes sparkling with laughter. &quot;We <em>are</em> comparing Ursinalia and myself to her and one of her most <em>favorite</em> people.&quot;&#xA0;

-Nicole, July 24 (edited: July 24)

---

Oi raises his bloodshot eyes to meet Ursi&apos;s. His face contains none of its usual joy and vitality. <br><br>&quot;It was <em>so...real</em>&quot;, he whispers hoarsely. &quot;I can&apos;t get Sia&apos;s shocked, and somehow lifeless, face out of my mind. And the blood; ...there was so much blood...&quot; His breathing is ragged and labored, &quot;I am usually a mental stalwart. How did this magic break through my training so easily?! It&apos;s like I never even had a chance to save myself...or my sisters...&quot; he drifts off and blinks tears from his eyes, the effort of stringing so many words together clearly affecting him. He lays his head on Ursi&apos;s shoulder. After several minutes, although his tears continue to fall, his eyes become more focused and his breathing evens out. It is clear Ursi&apos;s presence is beginning to stem the emotional tide. <br><br>Without moving his head, he says, &quot;I&apos;ve never felt such rage, Ursi.&quot; His unseen face is contorted with confusion and remorse. &quot;I was so overcome I attacked our friends and nearly knocked Ellie unconscious as collateral damage.&quot;<br><br>He sits up, wipes his drying eyes, and shakes his head sadly with a heavy sigh. As more time passes, his mood begins to lighten slightly. &quot;You&apos;re right&quot; he says after a deep,steadying breath. &quot;The twins are safe in the forest, far away from this unnatural place.&quot; He looks up at Ursi curiously, &#xA0;&quot;Have I told you they are intent on becoming Rangers? Mom always thought that they lacked a bit of the natural understanding to become full druids, just like myself.&quot; He looks toward where Ellie and Ielenia are seated whispering in Elvish, and feels a pang of sadness in his chest at the thought of hurting them. &#xA0;After a moment, he returns his focus to Ursi, &quot;I think they would love Ellie as much as you do. From what I&apos;ve been told, Sia is learning to wield two swords and master animals, while Thia is becoming quite the sharpshooter. I&apos;ve heard that they have begun to wreak a fair amount of havoc on the forest&apos;s creatures.&quot; He chuckles fondly at the memory of the girls he practically raised. &quot;I doubt even I could repair the trouble they&apos;ve caused since I&apos;ve been away.&quot; Without realizing it, his face has broken into a small smile.<br><br>His smile fades as quickly as it appeared. &quot;What a cruel trick it was letting me dance with Sia before that <em>thing</em>&#xA0;cut off her head.&quot; He shakes his head, physically clearing the horror from his mind, successfully beating back the emotions attempting to flow from him again. He grimaces slightly, &quot;This place just doesn&apos;t fight honorably.&quot; <br><br>Remembering the happiness of the dance once again,he pauses contemplatively and narrows at Ursi in sudden realization , &quot;Speaking of dancing, who was that <em>beautiful</em> young man <em>you </em>were with, eh? He wasn&apos;t from your village or mine, I&apos;d remember <em>that</em> body.&quot; He wags an accusatory finger in Ursi&apos;s face, &quot;You&apos;ve been holding out valuable information from me, young lady!&quot; With a deceitful grin he tickles Ursi playfully in her most sensitive spots, as he&apos;s done throughout their youth. &quot;I&apos;ll get the information out of you my pretty,&quot; he giggles with her, &quot;you can&apos;t hide things like that from me!&quot; He grins widely. The emotional fog has finally lifted and he&apos;s back to some semblance of normalcy. He makes a mental note to thank Ellie for her sweet song later. Somehow he&apos;s sure Ursi already knows how grateful he is for her efforts. <br><br>&quot;Well?&quot; he says, cocking his &#xA0;head with an expectant expression. &quot;Do you yield, or shall I continue the tickle-torture?&quot;

-Keith U., July 24

---

After the dragon had collapsed, so did Roan. He lay on the floor listening to the many different conversations around him, but couldn&apos;t bring himself to join any of them. He thought to comfort Oi while he sobbed, although decided to leave him space while he grieved. After all, he and Illyrio had done their best to grapple him during the fight. Roan imagined that Oi would not have taken kindly to that action.<br><br>More than his fears of Oi&apos;s experience, was his exhaustion. He had continued to carry Alonso with the party, and the banshees really did a number on him. While Roan had become used to falling unconscious during battle, their cries did far more to weaken his spirit and his resolve. But seeing Gwahair had lessened his control over himself even more so. Roan was so keen to destroy that piano, because he couldn&apos;t control the rage built up inside his mind. Through this excursion, Roan had been so careful to remain calm and try to soothe the others, and swept away his fear and anger at their situation. But seeing his friend as if nothing had changed was too much to contain those emotions any longer. And that loss of control scared him. Which was probably why he was less afraid of the dragon than he should have been.<br><br>Now only feeling the bitter emptiness that follows such emotional outbursts, he lacked the desire to do anything. He resigned himself to listening to the others arguments, and trying to pull himself together. He just needed time.

-Carolyn M., July 24

---

As Oi begins to speak Ursinalia frowns with worry and then begins to nod her head along with his words. She wipes the tears away as they begin to appear again until he lays his head on her shoulder. She can feel his body begin to relax and the tension in his back and shoulders starts to fade.&#xA0;<br><br>Ursinalia begins to smile as Oi recounts the most recent tales of his sisters. She follows his eyes as they wonder toward Ellie and Ielenia. It&apos;s clear they are speaking in Elvish but she can not hear what they are saying. Grace looks just as perplexed as she feels watching the sisters. A flash of jealousy rages through Ursinalia as she wishes to be included in Ellie&apos;s confidences, quickly followed by a feeling of disappointment &#xA0;and sorrow knowing she will never be as close to her as her sister is. She forces her attention back to Oi who has begun speaking again and smiling now.&#xA0;Ursinalia&apos;s head clears as Oi mentions Illiorion. <br><br><em>Of course he would want to know! I should have told him of Illiorion earlier, but it was just too sad of a tale to bring up at&#xA0;their&#xA0;joyful reunion in Cura.&#xA0;</em><br><br>Ursinalia begins laughing as Oi tickles her. It&apos;s as if they are children again playing games. Ursinalia hiding a secret she has learned and Oi determined to have the information out. She feels as if she could just tell him where the sweets are hidden and they could go search them out and eat and eat! The gloom of the Palace and the sorrow of the story are nothing anymore. Ursinalia gives him a conniving look in answer to his question and Oi begins to tickle her again.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Okay I yield, I yield!&quot; Oi stops, clearly pleased. Ursinalia sits up on her knees and lowers her voice to a whisper. She waits a moment in silence until Oi is sitting up too, listening intently. Once the giggles have finally stopped, she begins. <em>Oi is always telling stories I will give in one in return.&#xA0;</em><br><br>&quot;I will tell you the tale of Illorion, a story of youth and love&quot; she pauses &quot;but beware as it is not a happy one.&quot; The volume of her voice increases slightly. &quot;There was a young druid, beautiful and skilled, with the most alluring blond hair.&quot; She smiles and sweeps her hair over her shoulder dramatically.&quot;She was on a very important quest but did not know where to begin! She found herself in a small town called Pwll Glo and met a powerful sorcerer named Myrridin. She learned many interesting things from him about magic and made many friends in the town. One day a young and very handsome elf came to town and his name was Illiorion. He was to be a student of Myrridin&apos;s. When they saw each other for the first time the entire room light up with electricity and fire and no one who witnessed it could deny the attraction!&quot; Ursinalia is speaking louder now almost a shout, getting excited about telling the story. She completely forgets there are other around her that might be listening to her tell it. &quot;They became lovers, He was a brash and exciting young mage and she was in rapture. They spent their days in study of their own arts and Magics and their evenings together as well. They would frolic in the forest and dance and sing. She could become one with the forest and they played a game. He would hunt her and she would hide as many beasts until found, but the finding was always joyful and happy! They lived in peace and love for a year and a day. The next day Myrridin was gone on an important journey to another town and The young druid was practicing her beasts. She was struggling with her forms and needed to focus, and Illiorion was so distracting,&quot; She winks, &quot;so she went out into the woods alone.&quot; Ursinalia pauses and lowers her voice a little to make those listening lean in closer. &quot;That day Illorion wanted to practice a fire magic, but he had been warned of it&apos;s danger. He was strong and prideful and sure he would succeed. He called a friend and they stared a playful duel, each playing with fire but only in jest. As the duel wore on the other mage who was even more bold, became competitive in ernest. Illiorion would never step down from a challenge! They began to evoke great energy and did not hold back from each other. The fight raged through a forest lighting the smaller trees around them alight. Before either of them realized they had gone too far the competitor swung with winning punch. But because they had not pulled up short on the magic the blow was a killing one. Without the oversight of the Master Myrridin or the healing powers of the druid&apos;s magic the light of the exquisite and stunning Illiorion flared too quickly and was extinguished. &quot; Ursinalia lowered her voice even more to a quiet talking volume and a single tear began to flow from her eye,&quot; The druid had mastered her shape beautifully but was astonished at Wolf&apos;s sense of smell. She noticed the smoke of the fire and rushed there quickly as fast as her four legs could travel. But when she arrived it was too late. She found her Illiorion past her ability to repair and a human sorcerer fallen into an inconsolable rage. Bear helped her to recover the body of her lover and lay him to rest. But after that the joy had left the town and she had to leave with only the memory of the beloved Illiorion.&quot; Ursinalia finished the story and sat back on her heels for the reaction.&#xA0;<br>

-Amber  F., July 24

---

Oi listens with rapt attention to Ursi&apos;s story, nodding and gasping and smiling at all the right moments. Clearly this is not the first time he and Ursi have exchanged stories and he&apos;s more than enjoying himself. Until the tragic end he hoped that Ursi&apos;s warning was only in jest. As the scope of the tragic circumstances and truth of Ursi&apos;s warning came into the light, Oi&apos;s face fell once again. He grabbed Ursi&apos;s hand, placing it between his own, and did his best to offer strong support for his friend. &#xA0;By the the time Ursi finishes speaking his profound frown is carved out of stone, &quot;This place really <em>is </em>cruel.&quot; He says with a bitter shake of his head. &quot;At least you got to see him once more, even for the briefest of moments. I&apos;m sure it was bittersweet.&quot; He pats Ursi&apos;s hand and, changing the subject in an attempt to lighten the darkening mood, asks, &quot;Shall we join the others? I feel that I may have a fair amount of explaining to do...&quot;<br>

-Keith U., July 24

---

Reddening to a shade almost as bright as her hair, Ielenia sputtered, &quot;Well, I don&apos;t know anything about that, I thought they were the same thing!&quot; Hiding her face in her hands out of embarrassment, she peeked out at the mention of her childhood nickname. <br><br>&quot;Yeah, we probably should.&quot; Ielenia mumbled in common. &quot;Promise I wasn&apos;t saying anything bad about you Grace. Apparently I just got a bit... confused.&quot;

-Rachel M., July 24

---

Ellie blinked.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Ielenia,&quot; she said seriously, turning the conversation back to their quiet Elvish until Grace joined them,&#xA0;&quot;Ursinalia&apos;s feelings for me and Quel&apos;s feelings for Tynfi are very different things.&quot;<br><br>She stared at her sister hiding behind her hands and gently reached over to bring them down to her lap. She clasped her own over Ielenia&apos;s, briefly admiring the stark contrast of their skin.<br><br>&quot;I understand how they may initially appear similar because of the gifts and flowery words, but they are as alike as the softness of rain and the aggression of a whirlpool. Quel&apos;s beer could have been given to anyone. It was easy for him to obtain without any thought as to who the recipient might be. Ursinalia&apos;s gift of the flower was particularly kind because she put thought into whether I would enjoy them; the fact that the flower was rare made it all the more special.&quot;<br><br>&quot;When...&quot; She hesitated for a moment. The words seemed unwilling to leave her mouth. She closed her eyes for second and, when she reopened them, tried to start again. <br><br>&quot;When Maithiral gave me my bow, he gave it to me so I would have something to remind me of his unending love. The carvings, the dimensions, even the shape of the bow were... were meant with only me in mind. And the gift of a weapon, something to protect myself and continue hunting with on my own, shows just how completely,&quot; her voice cracked, &quot;he understood me.&quot;<br><br>Ellie paused, lost in her own thoughts for a moment. When she returned to the present, her voice was even as she looked at her sister&apos;s pretty green and gold eyes and asked, &quot;Does that help explain the difference a little better?&quot;

-Nicole, July 25

---

&quot;Yes. I think.&quot; Ielenia tilted her head to the side slightly and said, &quot;So... Ursi loves you like Maithiral did?&quot; Understanding how important he was to Ellie, Ielenia added, &quot;Though on second thought it might be difficult for anyone to match the love he had for you. But who can blame them for trying?&quot; Planting a quick kiss on her sister&apos;s cheek, Ielenia took the ends of Ellie&apos;s dark hair in one hand, and softly apologized for cutting of her sister&apos;s hair. &quot;You must have been very frightened by me. I&apos;m sorry Ellie,&quot; she murmered, lowering her head in shame.

-Rachel M., July 25

---

&quot;Yes, I think we should.&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>Ursinalia stands alongside Oi and slips her hand into his arm as if to be escorted over to the others in the group. &quot;I&apos;m sure they will be understanding Oi, Everyone has been suffering some delusion or other in this place. I will stand by you.&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>The two elves begin to move toward the others in the room. The sisters are still speaking conspiratorially in elvish. Ursinalia thinks she hears them say her name as they get closer making her wonder what they were talking about so privately. Ursinalia and Oi approach the group carefully hoping to catch their attention so Oi can make his apologies.&#xA0;<br>

-Amber  F., July 25

---

Ellie opened her mouth to protest Ielenia&apos;s conclusion but decided against it. She just smiled when her sister kissed her cheek.<br><br>&quot;You couldn&apos;t understand it was an illusion. You thought you were saving me from a fiery death and for that I am grateful. My hair will grow again but, if the fire had been real, I would owe you my life. The only thing to be sorry for is that I couldn&apos;t make the illusion dissipate sooner. I know it was terrifying for you.&quot;

-Nicole, July 25

---

Overwhelmed with love, Ielenia looked Ellie straight in the eyes and said, &quot;Ellie, I am so happy you found me.&quot; As an afterthought, she pointed at her sister&apos;s hair, saying, &quot;And if you want, I can, you know. Even it out for you.&quot; Smiling, she took Ellie&apos;s pale hands in her own golden ones, and admired their almost ethereal hue. &quot;You know Ellie, we&apos;re like the sun and the moon, you and I. No matter how different, or how far apart they are, they always manage to come back together and share the same sky.&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;And,&quot; Ielenia continued, &quot;I&apos;ve been so caught up in my own trauma that I never even asked if you were okay. Did anything happen to you in these cursed halls?&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>Breaking eye contact with Ellie, Ielenia watches Oi and Ursi approach. She gives a tired wave in their direction.&#xA0;

-Rachel M., July 26 (edited: July 26)

---

Ellie turned around to see Oi and Ursi walking their way and waved to the pair as they approached. She moved to Ielenia&apos;s side so she should would not have her back to them but still could watch the dragon and speak with Ielenia.<br><br><em>Even our are fears are opposite elements. Fire and water. The sun and the moon.</em><br><br>&quot;When Roan opened the door to the room with the blue carpet, I saw a wall of water, ten people high. Before I could do anything, the water rushed out over me. The necklace I&apos;m wearing did nothing; I was drowning but I didn&apos;t know how to get air, or why I couldn&apos;t breathe. I tried to scream but there was no air and I blacked out. Ursi finally woke me and... I was still screaming. I just couldn&apos;t stop, it was so <em>real,</em>&#xA0;just like my nightmares except this time I was actually drowning<em>.</em> Well, I mean, it felt like I was.<em>&#xA0;</em>I keep coughing up water and- Ielenia, I can <em>hear</em> the waves of the ocean. Over and over, they haven&apos;t stopped since we got here.&quot;<br><br>Her fingers drummed nervously on the floor.<br><br>&quot;I don&apos;t want to be here any longer than necessary, and I know we have to go back to Heliopis somehow, but, well, Grace already said she wouldn&apos;t give me the herbs, and&#xA0;we almost drowned last time anyway, and what if, maybe we, I mean, or you and me, just, accidentally... walked instead of taking the ship?&quot; Ellie smiled weakly at her sister. &quot;I don&apos;t think you could keep me occupied with a haircut the entire voyage.&quot;

-Nicole, July 26 (edited: July 26)

---

Ielenia placed her hand over Ellie&apos;s. &quot;For you dear sister, I would consider it. Though I doubt we would ever find our companions again.&quot; Sighing, she said, &quot;I&apos;m sorry I was not there to help you. If I can&apos;t control my own thoughts, I have no idea how I&apos;m supposed to keep you safe.&quot; Shuddering, she said, &quot;I can still hear the fire too. And whenever it was getting tense in the battles back there, I.. My skin started to feel hot again. We could not leave this place too soon.&quot;<br><br>Pausing briefly, she turned her head to face Roan and asked, &quot;Roan, are you really not affected by this place?&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., July 26

---

Grace smiles ruefully and shakes her head.<br><br>&quot;You two. &#xA0;Just too damned cute.&quot;<br><br>She shifts her weight to make herself more comfortable against the inert dragon and returns to her half-focus on the Chains, thinking, feeling, and listening.

-Ben, July 27 (edited: July 27)

---

&quot;I have to say, Grace, &apos;cute&apos; is not one of the words I usually use to describe my interactions with others, but perhaps you understand more Elvish than I thought you did.&quot;<br><br><div>Tilting her head to the side curiously, Ellie asked,&quot;But weren&apos;t you saying something before you started eavesdropping? Something about sailors? &quot;</div>

-Nicole, July 27

---

&quot;Oh, no, not a word of it. &#xA0;But I know what hand-holding and cheek-kissing and hair-twirling mean.&quot;<br><br>Grace pauses, holding the Chains still and saying nothing for a few long moments.<br><br>&quot;Eiliatae, Ielenia, I&apos;m not a sailor and never have been. &#xA0;I&apos;ve been on enough ships to talk it up on land, but... no, I most certainly did not spend eight or ten years of my life or whatever I told you on a ship&apos;s crew.<br><br>&quot;I was going to suggest that I had something to tell you later, when we&apos;re all safer, but... I&apos;ve been making excuses for weeks now, and if I were to keep it up I&apos;d never be able to bring myself to actually say anything.&quot;<br>

-Ben, July 27

---

&quot;Weeks?&quot; Ellie whispered, unnaturally still as she&#xA0;<em>stared</em> at Tynfi.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;So, all of those stories about the ports, the times on deck... that story about Narth... they were all... <em>lies</em>?&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>She looked at Ielenia&apos;s face and then back to Tynfi. Hurt edged her voice when she spoke.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;That must have been one of the easier deceptions for you to maintain, considering neither of us had been on a ship before.&quot;

-Nicole, July 28 (edited: July 28)

---

Grace winces.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m sorry! &#xA0;I&apos;m sorry, I&apos;m so sorry. &#xA0;Lies, all of them. &#xA0;Or half-truths, at best. &#xA0;I <em>did</em>&#xA0;know a Narth, I <em>did</em>&#xA0;let him have it, and I <em>did</em>&#xA0;embarrass the Hell out of myself. &#xA0;Just not on a ship. &#xA0;I wanted to tell you about it, but I just...<br><br>&quot;Look, we had all known each other for two weeks at best when you asked me point-blank for my life story. &#xA0;I am... I <em>was</em>... a liar by trade, and I did exactly what I knew how to do. &#xA0;By the time I realized that you deserved better... well? &#xA0;I&apos;d already been keeping it up for months. &#xA0;I knew I wanted to tell you, but... I knew you wouldn&apos;t like it.<br><br>&quot;At the risk of sounding horribly trite... all lies are easy, Ellie. &#xA0;That&apos;s why I tell them. &#xA0;What&apos;s hard is telling the truth.&quot;

-Ben, July 28

---

As they get close enough to the Elves and Grace to hear what the girls were talking about. Ursinalia whispers softly to Oi in Elvish &quot;I do not think you are the only one with an apology to make.&quot;&#xA0;

-Amber  F., July 28