The negotiations are concluded and the arrangements are in the works&#x2014;sometime in the next few days, the party is to board a vessel bound for Protsvitaly.  For now, they lounge in the afternoon sun in the largest of their rented rooms in their favorite inn, having collected in it all of their extra cushions and chairs.  Grace vaguely remembers somebody insisting that it would make for a more restful setting than the common room.<br><br>She lies on the bed, having finally wrested sole occupation of it.  She stares lazily at the room door as Roan closes it.<br><br>&quot;Eh?  It&apos;s not <em>that</em> drafty in here...&quot;

-Ben, May 25 (edited: May 25)

---

Oi grabs a LARGE pitcher of mead from a table at the side of the room and serves each member of the party a mug full. He then reclines comfortably on a cushion in a corner. He wears simple black leather pants and a black leather vestment top with the neck closure open for cool and comfort. The sleeves of the vestment are open to the mid-forearm, again for cool and comfort, revealing hints of intricate tattoo work there. His boots, breastplate, shield, and weapons are off, polished, and neatly stored in he and Roan&apos;s room. <br><br>He has a sip of the mead and his bright green eyes sparkle as he ponders its complexity with appreciation. He runs his fingers through his pixie cut black hair, sweeping his bangs from his eyes, and smiles amicably at Grace&apos;s comment. &quot;I don&apos;t think he&apos;s trying to stop a draft.&quot; he states truthfully. <br><br>At that, he closes his eyes, leans his head back against the wall into a comfortable position, and touches his chest. &quot;This could be a looooooooooong night,&quot; he says, before he takes a couple more sips of mead.

-Keith U., May 25

---

&quot;I&apos;ve been thinking. And yes, I realize that could be dangerous. But ever since our party has changed dynamics, adding new members, we&apos;ve had some troubles working together. So I think we need a way to settle some of these reservations some of us have,&quot; and looks at Ielenia and Grace, &quot;as well as getting to know each other a little bit better.&quot;<br><br>Roan begins to speak in an old language, while moving his hands in a surprisingly intricate pattern. Soon his holy symbol glows with a bright light that suddenly expands to cover the room, and immediately disappears.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;ve been working to learn that spell for a long time. It&apos;s been know to the Seekers for a long time as &apos;Zone of Truth&apos;. While you are in the room, you cannot tell a lie when asked a question. And you won&apos;t be able to leave the room until it wears off, which will be about an hour. But please refrain from using your weapons to threaten anyone. I doubt that will end well for anyone. So to start things off, where have you been the past couple of days Ielenia?&quot;

-Carolyn M., May 26

---

Grace sits up, her eyes wide.<br><br>&quot;What the... What the <em>fuck</em> is this?  Kid, I...&quot;<br><br>The words die in her throat.<br><br>&quot;I DON&apos;T...&quot;<br><br>Silence.<br><br>Grace unbuckles her sword from her belt and flings it (still in its scabbard) in Illyrio&apos;s general direction, muttering under her breath while she waits on Ielenia&apos;s answer.<br><br>&quot;<em>Fine</em>.  I&apos;ll play your damn game.  I deserve it, don&apos;t I?&quot;<br>

-Ben, May 26

---

Ellie shifted uncomfortably in her seat next to Ielenia and eyed Roan warily as he explained the spell. She watched Grace&apos;s sword go sailing across the room and became acutely aware of her bow leaning against the wall and the two swords at her side. <br><br>&quot;You should ask before you cast something like that, Roan.&quot;<br><br>Pushing away her own discomfort, Ellie leaned protectively towards Ielenia while she waited for her to answer.<br>

-Nicole, May 26

---

Oi chuckles, feeling the power of Roan&apos;s spell pressing against his mind. He meets the mounting weight with his own force of will and alleviates the strain with a modicum of concentration. <br><br>Without raising his head from its comfortable position, he hears Grace&apos;s sword and speech and Ellie&apos;s chastening. He smiles warmly and addresses Roan with genuine kindness in his voice, &quot;It is not in my nature to ever allow myself to be mentally overcome, my friend. Especially when the contest is based upon something in which I am so proficient.&quot; <br><br>He raises his head slowly and opens his eyes. He looks around the room from face to face, and eventually rests his gaze on Ielenia, &quot;But...&quot; a sudden realization dawning upon his features, &quot;...just this once I&apos;ll let you win. Please don&apos;t get used to it. Being compelled in any way, even to do something as commonplace and acceptable as telling the truth, is unnatural and should be avoided. I have nothing to hide, as always, but everything to prove. I trust you, Roan, and Ursi as well. Completely. If you two are willing to be with these kind folks then I trust them as well. Hopefully engaging in this common social experiment will facilitate their trusting in me.&quot; <br><br>As he finishes speaking, he closes his eyes and lays his head back again with a sigh, allowing the pressure to invade his mind. He gives a minor grimace  as he completes his surrender.<br><br>(OOC: This pen is RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRReeeeeee...oooooooooooooooyal blue!)

-Keith U., May 26

---

Ursinalia sits down next Oi. &quot;I guess I&apos;ll play too..it does seem an odd little game. What is it you would like to know of us then, or shall we make unmeaning small talk for the next hour?&quot; 

-Amber  F., May 26

---

Oi smiles as Ursi sits and being to intricately braid a small portion of her hair absentmindedly as he often does for his younger sisters. &quot;I vote for more meaningful conversation. It&apos;s the least bit of compensation we can all receive for letting our collective guard down.&quot;

-Keith U., May 26

---

Ellie curiously watched the ease of interaction between Oi and Ursinalia. He plaited her hair as if he had plenty of practice and they were sitting in a way that confirmed his implicit trust. She briefly wondered if that&apos;s the kind of bond Roan was hoping to elicit between all of them by using this spell.<br><br>She placed a hand on Ielenia&apos;s arm before rising from her chair. She crossed the room to pick up Grace&apos;s sword and ran her hand over the scabbard to check for dents. Feeling none that would impact the sword&apos;s ability to be removed, she shot a disapproving look from Grace to the sword in her hand before leaning it against the wall, hilt up.<br><br>Ellie&apos;s hands moved to her own swords and paused. If Roan thought this might be dangerous, why was she removing them? <br><br>&quot;<em>It&apos;s just a game</em>,&quot; she reassured herself, as she unbuckled her first sword and placed it next to Grace&apos;s, &quot;<em>just fun among companions.&quot; </em>As she removed the second sword, she couldn&apos;t help but wish, for the first time in her life, that she was as skilled with words as she was with her bow. She crossed the room to reclaim her place next to her sister and settled in for what appeared was going to be an interesting evening.

-Nicole, May 27 (edited: May 27)

---

This spell is freaky and invasive and, in the name of team spirit, the kid from the monastery seems to have reached new, extreme levels of zen zealotry, but, before Illyrio can worry about any of this freakery, first order of business as he dodges Grace&apos;s incoming weapons...<br><br>&quot;Not you&apos;re actual slave...&quot;

-Charles G., May 27 (edited: May 27)

---

Grace, her frustration mounting, almost bares her teeth for that, but instead manages to reel herself in and explain.<br><br>&quot;No, no.  That&apos;s not what that meant.  You trusted me with your weapon earlier when the law wouldn&apos;t.  I&apos;m trusting you with... <em>that</em> weapon... while it seems our dear Roan doesn&apos;t trust <em>me</em> with it.  Not that I think he&apos;s exactly wrong in that.&quot;<br><br>She opens her eyes and glares at Roan.<br><br>&quot;See?  The truth<em>.</em>  How <em>wonderfully</em> refreshing.&quot;

-Ben, May 27 (edited: May 27)

---

Sufficiently satisfied, Illyrio pockets the weapon:<br><br>&quot;Oh good, then we can be pissed at Roan together? I like when we&apos;re on the same side, especially when it involves being frustrated with something Roan&apos;s done!&quot;

-Charles G., May 27 (edited: May 28)

---

Oi finishes braiding the small portion of Ursi&apos;s hair he had been working on and surveys the tense room. He once again pauses on Ielenia and gives her a warm smile.<br><br>&quot;It appears the young lady has chosen silence to be her answer, a perfectly acceptable, and wise, choice under the circumstances,&quot; he says with sage warmth. &quot;No one would begrudge her reticence to answer in the presence of a stranger and for that I do apologize. My dear, my name is Oi. It&apos;s an old joke that I&apos;ll tell you later if you&apos;d care to know it. I won&apos;t bore you with it now.&quot;<br><br>He takes a few more sips of his mead, and with compassion, begins again, &quot;From what I&apos;ve been able to gather, it appears that I&apos;ve somewhat replaced a bard in your company. I am a life cleric, sworn to the service of Rumaro, The Gardener. As a member of my Order I also brew mead. Once the brewing process is complete, I set out to sell the mead so my Order may finance their endeavors, most of which are charitable. My travels have led me here where happenstance has smiled upon me and reunited me with a young friend,&quot; he smiles a little mischievously at Roan, &quot;who I believe you&apos;ve been traveling with for some time. Ursi here,&quot; he nods his head sweetly in her direction, &quot;and I go back much further. Her family and mine are very well acquainted.&quot;<br><br>He reclines his head back against the wall comfortably and closes his eyes again. He continues, &quot;Before my siblings and I were mentally experienced enough to steel our minds consistently against my mother and father&apos;s efforts, they used this spell frequently on us to determine who in our family was the perpetrator of any mischief or trouble around our house. The spell doesn&apos;t compel an answer to a question but does compel truth. To that end, in order to get the maximum effect out of the spell, any questions asked should be simple yet poignant. I&apos;ll get things started again. Roan, since this was your idea, what reservations do <em>you</em> have about your traveling companions?&quot; After the question is complete he falls silent and continues to have small sips of his mead while he waits for Roan&apos;s answer.

-Keith U., May 27

---

Roan was still shocked by Grace&apos;s rage. While he expected her to be upset, he was not expecting a rapier to fly across the room. And Illyrio&apos;s reaction was well beyond what he ever expected from another one of his companions. He sat in bewilderment, questioning whether or not this was the great idea he had thought it to be. Until he realized that Oi had directed his question at him.<br><br>&quot;First, back to Grace&apos;s statement. I do trust all of you with your weapons. Why else would I jump in front of you during battle? But I had meant the comment to lighten the mood up, as in a way to ease you into this new habit of not lying. And Oi is right, you don&apos;t necessarily have to speak to answer a question, but requires that whatever response you give to be truthful, as long as your will is greater than mine (actually its a Charisma save against a 14 Spell DC, for anytime you want to try to lie. I&apos;m supposed to know if you fail or pass one of those saves, but I&apos;m not entirely sure where you should do it if you wish).<br><br>&quot;And as for what reservations I may have about my traveling companions: I am worried that you do not trust me as much as I trust each of you. While many of you have criticized me for my naivety, I know that within yourselves are great heroes and champions of the good things in this world. Why else would I have trusted you with information about sacred missions for the Order? Or left my home to help free your girlfriend Illyrio? Or why would I continue to protect you all as much as I possibly can?<br><br>&quot;While I am sure that I have always strive to right the wrongs of this world, I know now that I would not have come this far without each of you. Including Oi and Ursinalia. You have expanded my perspective beyond what I ever imagined, and for that I know now that I must continue the good work we accomplish. And I am afraid that I cannot do that without any of you. Did that answer your question Oi? And Ellie, if you feel more comfortable you can keep your swords on.&quot;<br><br>And with his emotional speech completed, Roan sat down in the corner, curled his knees up into his chest, and crossed his arms on top of them. Trying to take up as little space as possible was difficult for big man, but soon he looked barely larger than Illyrio, and almost like a child watching from their hide-out.

-Carolyn M., May 28

---

[Note: I&apos;m reading the spell differently&#x2014;it looks to me like a one-time save when you enter or start your turn in the zone.  Succeed and the spell has no effect on you; fail and you cannot tell any lies until you leave the zone.  Grace failed.  On another note: it seems to me like Roan might be subject to the spell&apos;s effects, too (&quot;a creature&quot;).  Of course, nobody else can be sure if he is able to resist the effects of his own magic or not.]<br><br>Grace tries to put on a show of narrowing her eyes and looking upset to hide her surprise, but her game is given away by her tail&apos;s uneasy twitching, and she knows it.<br><br>&quot;You were trying to... lighten the mood?  Damn, kid, you... did <em>not </em>go about that right.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;ll let Illyrio speak for himself, but... look, I <em>know</em> you mean well.  We all do.  And we just heard you testify to that in this... magical court of yours... in case there were any doubts.  But you want to know why I... lost my shit here?  You want to know why I seem to mistrust you so?  Roan, I&apos;m a <em>liar</em>.  I&apos;m a thief and a lowlife.  You are the champion and the law.  <em>We&apos;re enemies.</em>  You know that by now, don&apos;t you?  Gods.  I&apos;ve been practically <em>telling</em> you, because I think... I wanted you to know.  But I haven&apos;t <em>told</em> you, because I&apos;d rather not find myself standing on the next set of gallows.  It sounds so fucking <em>stupid </em>when I put it that way, but I can&apos;t lie to make it sound smarter now, can I?<br><br>&quot;The point is, when you take away my lies and urge me to put away my sword, you render me defenseless.  You, warrior of truth, have cornered your villain.  It&apos;s the end of the line for her; shouldn&apos;t she be a little bit angry?  And yet you don&apos;t even seem to know it.&quot;

-Ben, May 28

---

[Yes, Roan is definitely affected by the spell as well, but I&apos;m going with he&apos;s voluntarily not fighting it at all during this conversation. At least for now. And that would be a much easier interpretation of the spell. Let&apos;s go with that one!]<br><br>&quot;I had never thought of it that way. Mostly because I never thought of you as a villain. True you may lie about things now, and have more secrets about your past than I can imagine. But you don&apos;t act the way most thieves and bad guys do. You don&apos;t relish the thought of killing, nor do you enjoy inflicting harm or financial burdens upon others. I have seen you defend those who need help more often than you even teased Quel. And you have supported every initial member of this party, perhaps not Oi and Ursinalia yet, emotionally and physically in a selfless manner. That isn&apos;t the way a villainess would approach her other party members.<br><br>&quot;I think that you have been hurt by others all your life. They judge you too quickly because of the way you look or the way you behave (especially the swearing). So it is easier to call yourself a thief and a liar, so that people leave you alone. And they don&apos;t expect anything from you. They give you a wide berth, rather than call to you for aid, because being alone is better than letting others down in your opinion. It&apos;s why you stopped drinking, isn&apos;t it? You thought you let the party down the time you were drunk in a fight, and have been punishing yourself in your own way ever since. You might think you don&apos;t deserve happiness and friends because of your past actions, but those are exactly why you do deserve friendship. You have more than redeemed and endeared yourself to this party, and we care about you in some manner lest you forget it.&quot;<br><br>Roan braces himself for the rebuttal, but in an attempt to divert some of the rage, takes up a line of questioning for Illyrio.<br><br>&quot;And what did you mean about that comment about being pissed at something Roan has done?&quot;

-Carolyn M., May 28

---

Ielenia fidgeted in her seat as the other members of her party spoke. She wasn&apos;t accustomed to opening up about her affairs with the other members of the party on a good day, now that she was being forced to do so she was vehemently against opening her mouth at all. Glaring at Roan while her party members bickered, Ielenia thought <em>I will kill him where he stands. </em>Anger and frustration building, Ielenia opened her mouth to describe just how she was going to fell the large man, but instead she sputtered, &quot;Roan I really hate that you cast this spell. I thought you trusted us more than that. <em>I </em>trusted you more than that. I thought we were friends.&quot; Ielenia paused, mortified at the words that came out of her mouth. Wide eyed, she stared at Ellie. Crossing her arms in an attempt to throw off anything that might have been perceived as affection, she grumbled, &quot;I went to bury the bodies of the fallen. I don&apos;t believe in their love affair with death, but I believe they should be given a proper burial. They might not have deserved it, but it&apos;s more than those murderous bastards did for my father. And I will be better than they were.&quot; Tossing her copper hair back over her shoulder, she continued, &quot;Besides, we couldn&apos;t have had those bodies being found in broad daylight. It would have caused a panic.&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., May 28

---

Oi leans into Ursi and whispers quietly with concern, &quot;You&apos;ve been with these kind people longer than I, is this normal?&quot;

-Keith U., May 28

---

[Ursi critical failed her wisdom saving throw...]<br><br>Ursi is shocked at the rapid increase of tension in the room.<br><br><em>Wow</em>, <em>Perhaps I should be a little more careful around Grace.. While Ielenias&apos; outburst seems a little more a kin to her character; and also a totally fair reason for missing the day, we did make a mess, a mess Wolf and Bear helped with..significantly. Dol&apos;s bite marks certainly would have caused a panic. Hopefully none of them have noticed my attentions of Ellie.. they wont ask me about that. This conversation will be totally overshadowed by their mistrusts of each other... right? <br><br></em>Ursinalia closes the gap to Oi and says quietly, &quot;well a little longer but no, i&apos;m pretty sure this in&apos;t normal, by anyone&apos;s standards. I&apos;ve certainly never seen this spell used this way... i&apos;m sure all will be fine, neither of us has any dangerous intentions to hide..&quot; Ursinalia looks nervous. <br><br><em>I mean them no harm it&apos;s just I haven&apos;t felt this vulnerable in a long time. I&apos;m glad Oi is here. </em><br>

-Amber  F., May 28

---

Oh goody, a softball. This one Illyrio feels comfortable answering honestly and with relish. Grinning:<br><br>&quot;Oh come now, surely you must know that back at our old stomping grounds, being aggravated by something Roan went and did was a favorite pastime for those not in the Order. For Tynf... Gracie and I, it was practically a bonding exercise! <br><br>You&apos;re a sweet kid, for sure, and you&apos;ve led us down a path of gloried recognition and daring rescue, so much thanks; but you&apos;re also a tad fanatical and not exactly aware of when danger outweighs reward. Heck, everyone here - barring our new members - pretty much had an insurrection planned before we went to the keep for Eve. We were all pretty willing to admit this before you went and died. Ever since you did that, it&apos;s been no fun being irritated by you. Also, if I&apos;m being honest, I must say, you&apos;ve been much better. Without the Order sitting on your shoulder, you&apos;ve almost had a reasonable person&apos;s regard for danger. So good on ya. But, I gotta say... thanks for doing this, kiddo, I haven&apos;t felt this much part of the team since we got to this accursed slave town and I had to put my muzzle on!&quot;

-Charles G., May 29

---

&quot;I think I&apos;m glad that I&apos;m making progress in your opinion. But it still worries me that I irritate you.You seem to get irritated very quickly, especially while we&apos;ve been here. I seems to me that the anger of the other halflings has rubbed off greatly on you. You don&apos;t joke around as much, even when you are only around us. And you like to isolate yourself through your anger. You do realize we are trying to help you and your people, right? Do you really feel less as part of this team since coming here and putting on this ruse? And if so, how can we fix that?<br><br>&quot;And you, Miss Ielenia. Please do not doubt that I am grateful for what you have done for us these past days. Regardless of whatever you did personally, you still helped us out greatly and for that I am thankful. But you are still frustratingly adamant that you only wish to let your sister in on any of you discoveries, personal or sometimes public. I find it very difficult to work with you, not because I don&apos;t trust you (because I do completely), but because I don&apos;t think that you trust me. Because if you haven&apos;t noticed, I am apparently not good at reading into body language and pithy epithets, which is all you tend to give me in our relationship. If you don&apos;t wish to talk with me, or share some of your personal stories, that&apos;s your business! But explicitly telling me your intentions can go a long way for a friendship. Right Oi?<br><br>&quot;I know you and your sisters are both loners by nature, and what has happened to you in the past. But you have chosen to not be alone while with this party. I don&apos;t know how living for hundreds of years works, but I imagine that being alone for such a long time, you begin to forget how to interact or trust people. Much like Mhares had trouble adjusting. I learned a great deal from that man before he left us to become the Fourth Seeker [I really hope I put the right one], especially about hermits. They are difficult, and grumpy, and really like their personal space. But from my experience with you, Grace, Mhares, and Ursinalia, they seem to have some of the greatest wisdom and insight, gained over time from looking from an outside perspective. But you can&apos;t always do that anymore, because you aren&apos;t outside. You&apos;re inside this party, so stop acting like you have one foot out the door, ready to leave at a moments notice. Or better yet, one ill-timed comment.&quot;

-Carolyn M., May 29

---

Grace hesitates.  After Roan&apos;s impassioned speech, she quietly asks:<br><br>&quot;Kid... Roan... you <em>believe</em> that?  You believe, even knowing how much we hide from each other, even knowing that our pasts could hold <em>anything</em>, that...&quot;

-Ben, May 29

---

Oi tries to let his tranquil nature permeate the room. He leans away from Ursi at Roan&apos;s question and takes a deep breath. He closes his eyes and composes himself, deliberately planning before he speaks. He listen&apos;s to Grace&apos;s stammering and then makes somewhat of a show of standing. He moves to Roan&apos;s side in the corner, not as a show of force or unity against the others in the room, but as a show of support and compassion for his friend. He knows Roan is aching. He kneels and places a steady, reassuring hand on his Roan&apos;s brawny shoulder. <br><br>&quot;My friend, friendship is a complicated and many faceted thing. It can be be born out of a common interest, endeavor, or enemy. Friendship is not always based on trust and it&apos;s not always bolstered by communication. I&apos;m afraid I&apos;m not yet wise enough to answer your question fully. It seems to me that Grace, Ellie, Ielenia, and Illyrio are all a bit slower to trust than Ursi and I. That&apos;s not a bad thing, it just makes them different. I agree that being open and honest is the best way to live life but forcing people to do so can be interpreted as <em>very </em>invasive. I know your intentions are pure, they always are and I would not have submitted otherwise, but perhaps the others need a bit of tenderness. There&apos;s no need to verbally skewer them or draw attention to their flaws in-front of unfamiliar companions.&quot; <br><br>He squeezes Roan&apos;s shoulder in punctuation and then stands lithely. He turns to face the room with his arms down with palms out in a pose of openness and understanding. He speaks with benevolence, &quot;It appears you all have been through a lot together, however, it does not appear that you all have bonded on a deep level. I doubt that all of you even know where each other are from. I think Roan is trying to foster that depth by using this spell but it seems we&apos;ve gotten a little off track. I don&apos;t want to pry, and I don&apos;t pretend to be familiar with any of you besides Ursi and Roan. I do hope that will change eventually, you all seems like very interesting a worthwhile folks.&quot; He smiles earnestly to the room with his eyes and then continues, &quot;To that end, and to get back on track, I submit that we should ask a question of someone, and then that person may choose to answer or remain silent. After that person answers, they then get to ask another person in the room of their choice a question. We can repeat this process as long as we want or until Roan&apos;s concentration runs out. I&apos;ll start so things are easy.&quot;<br><br>He turns to Ursi, and a knowing flash flies across his brilliant emerald eyes, he questions smilingly, &quot;Ursi, why are you here?&quot;

-Keith U., May 29

---

Illyrio feels legitimately comforted by Oi&apos;s gesture. It is as inviting and disarming as Roan&apos;s spell-cast was invasive and rankling. <em>It&apos;s still full-on insane that we&apos;re just telling all our secret missions to old friends we meet on the street - these people wouldn&apos;t want to know my old friends... but... I kind of like this guy. <br><br>What an unfamiliar sensation...</em>

-Charles G., May 29

---

For a split second Ursinalia&apos;s face flashes
with red, but it is gone as quickly as it appeared. <br>

<br>

<em>But of course Oi would ask me a question, I&#x2019;m the
least likely to turn against him and I know him the best. I can&#x2019;t lie but maybe
I don&#x2019;t have to reveal everything I feel. Such an innocent sounding question
but he knows, I can tell.</em><br>

<br>

After a short pause feeling
the looks of everyone in the room Ursinalia takes a breath and begins to speak.
&#x201C;There are of course many reasons why I&#x2019;m here. At first it was just because
Eve is my friend and I would always help her, but truly I could have left you a
long time ago and still felt the duty fulfilled.&#x201D; <em>That sounded awful, why would you say that? </em>&#x201C; But, the
reestablishment of the Elven city and the return of the natural order of the
area and elven civilization in general have by my lifelong dream. It has always
been my goal to at least contribute to if not accomplish the destruction of the
things haunting the city, and now we have that chance! That and investigating
the Bloody sea are the reason I am in Heliopis in the first place&#x2026; Now the
Prince and princess are handing me a chance at my dream and I would not pass it
up.&#x201D;<br>

<br>

<em>Ok Ursi that&#x2019;s enough, a true and legitimate reason
for why you are here, he didn&#x2019;t ask why you stayed so long. </em>But to Ursinalia&#x2019;s surprise her mouth continues to
speak. <br>

<br>

&#x201C;So why am I here? Why didn&#x2019;t
I leave after we found Fastolph and I felt my favor to Eve concluded?&#x201D;
Ursinalia glances at Ellie and then looks back at Oi cheeks reddened. &#x201C; Ellie,
I find Ellie fascinating, Wolf desires to protect her, and Rat needed to
impress her, and I am not separate from those feelings.&#x201D;<br>

<br>

<em>Damn this was not supposed to be a public
pronouncement! </em><br>

<br>

Then suddenly angry and
defensive, more at the situation then at Roan or Oi. Worried at being rejected
by the group Ursinalia channels the Rage that comes when she and Bear are one.
&#x201C;That is why I&#x2019;m here and I intend to stay, any one who has a problem can take
it up with Bear!&#x201D; <br>

<br>

Surpised at her own outburst,<em> damn spell, </em>and her sharing of emotions
she hasn&#x2019;t felt much less spoken about in so long. Her coloring goes slightly
white and Ursinalia manages to hold back the tears that threaten. She draws her
knees to her chest and scoots back on the couch she is on. <br>

<br>

Quietly, &#x201C; I will uh pass on
my question, someone else can have it...&#x201D; She looks to Ielenia searching for
her reaction, then leans her head back against the wall, still embarrassed but
slightly relieved that it&#x2019;s out now if not in the way she&#x2019;d hoped or expected. <br>

-Amber  F., May 29

---

Oi runs his fingers through is immaculate hair a bit sheepishly. He thanks Ursi with a sweet chuckle and sits down next to his friend to comfort her. &quot;That was unexpectedly verbose my dear,&quot; he teases. &quot;I think the twins would be quite impressed. They miss you by the way and would be incredibly excited that we&apos;re adventuring together. As for Bear, I think we&apos;d all be quite happy to let him hibernate for the time being.&quot;<br><br>He looks around the room again, trying to find a person to question who wouldn&apos;t be offended, and rests his gaze on the uncharacteristically quiet Ellie. &quot;My dear Ellie, you appear to be a high elf, where are you from?&quot;

-Keith U., May 29

---

[Ellie failed the saving throw]<br><br>Ellie was curled up in her original place, silently observing the tense conversation between the original party members and the whispering between Ursinalia and Oi. She was learning more in the few minutes the spell had been working than in the past few months they had been traveling together. She thought she might have been able to escape the evening without saying a word until Oi asked his question of Ursinalia. She tilted her head in surprise as she listened, a look of disbelief touching her features. She was still processing everything she had just heard, from both Ursinalia and her companions, when Oi&apos;s voice interrupted her thoughts.<br><br>&quot;What? Oh, my family is in a town in southern Afon but I was born in Protsvitaly. But they,&quot; she gestured to the others, &quot;already knew that so I&apos;m not really sure how insightful that is...&quot;<br><br>As she trailed off, she looked at Ursinalia.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m sorry, I know I&apos;m supposed to ask a question here, but I&apos;m wondering a lot of things. I&apos;m wondering just what Grace means by anything or why I had no idea that my sister considered Roan a friend? I&apos;m also wondering, out of all the people in this room, why you find<em> me.</em>.. fascinating?&quot;<br>

-Nicole, May 29 (edited: May 29)

---

&#x201C; I um&#x2026;&#x201D; <em>oh boy here goes</em>.
Ursinalia looks directly at Ellie,  &#x201C;You&#x2019;re
beautiful, you have a vulnerability to you and a kind heart, but also a
fierceness to be respected. Not to mention your skill with the bow&#x2026; you really don&#x2019;t
see it?&#x201D; <br>
<em>whoa, Did she just say
she was born there.. like it was no big deal? </em><br>

<br>

&#x201C;Wait, you were born in Protsvitaly? Is that why you&#x2019;re
afraid of the water? Were you actually there...?&#x201D;<br><br>
Ursinaia&#x2019;s eyes shine in excitement and admiration. She&#x2019;s
now sitting on the edge of her seat, her audience almost completely forgotten. <br>

-Amber  F., May 29

---

Ellie felt her face growing warmer as Ursinalia spoke. She had not anticipated the girl&apos;s admiration and enthusiasm.<br><br>&quot;Well, I mean, the bow skills- my life depends on those. Everything else though...&quot; <br><br>She felt around on the floor for the mead Oi had handed out but, after a pause, brought her empty hand back to her lap. She talked too much when she drank and this was not the hour to say more than necessary.<br><br>&quot;I don&apos;t mean to get your hopes up. I was very small when we left Protsvitaly, so I don&apos;t remember much. We fled the city the day the dragons attacked and, obviously, have not been back since. Did your family know anyone who lived in the city? I imagine it will be bittersweet to return home, to see it in its current state rather than how I remember parts of it. At least, the dragons will not be there to greet us this time.&quot;<br><br>Ellie intertwined her fingers nervously. &quot;The water, on the other hand, is something else but I-&quot; <br><br>She was perplexed as her voice caught and she realized <em>she</em> actually didn&apos;t have anything to help herself.<br><br>&quot;Grace has something to deal with that. The restoration of Protsvitaly will be a great triumph for the elves and to be a part of that rebuilding is something that I think both of us consider an honor. Perhaps it will have a positive effect on the halfling community, as well. I just wish we had decided on the land journey instead.<br>

-Nicole, May 30

---

(OOC: I&apos;m just kind of going to assume Ielenia fails every check, I want to push her development along a little bit)<br><br>Shocked by Roan&apos;s outburst, Ielenia curled her hands into her fists, clutching at the fabric at the tops of her pants. <em>Didn&apos;t I comfort him when he lost his friends? Didn&apos;t I fight to bring him back from the dead?! </em>Ielenia seethed silently. Her anger was palpable, the rage welling up inside of her, boiling the blood in her veins. <em>And then he goes and forces my hand</em>? <em>And I&apos;m the one with trust issues?! </em>Glancing at Ellie out of the corner of her eye, Ielenia&apos;s rage only intensified. <em>She&apos;s been through just as much trauma as I have, why is it so easy for her to open up? What&apos;s wrong with me? </em>Catching herself thinking poorly of her sister, guilt slowly began to replace Ielenia&apos;s irritability.<br><br><em>Everyone else is moving on. Everyone else is growing closer. Why am I still stuck in the past? </em>Looking up from her lap, Ielenia surveyed the room. Ellie was addressing a possibly blushing Ursilinia and, who was that black haired fellow? Where was Quel? At least Illyrio still seemed in character. Ielenia could always count on him for a sassy retort. And then it hit her. She was silent. She was alone. In this group of familiar faces, how much progress had she actually made? She had thought everyone was getting along very well after their time together on the ship. What had happened since they found land again? <em>This is what Adran taught me. </em>Ielenia countered her own doubts. <em>This is the life he wanted for me. This is what&apos;s safe. This is what&apos;s right. </em>Her mind then wandered from her father to her uncle Rhawon.Always pushing her out of her comfort zone. Gifting her with her first set of daggers, teaching her to climb trees, chasing her through the woods. <em>And after all of his warnings, who had lived?<br><br></em>Feeling her own mortality dawn on her, Ielenia pushed herself to speak before she lost the courage. Her voice lacking its usual edge, she whispered, &quot;I&apos;m sorry Roan. I didn&apos;t mean to upset you.&quot; Opening her hands, Ielenia stared at her palms. &quot;The last time I decided to trust an adventuring party my father was struck down where he stood trying to save me from the burning hell where we had been left to die.&quot; Shuddering, she continued, &quot;The thought of so many of you knowing how to read me... it&apos;s... frightening.&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., May 30

---

Oi looks at Ellie with quiet respect. Being new to the group he didn&apos;t know her age or prior history. It seems though, most of the group, Ursi aside, seemed to know these things already or take them for granted. He could tell though that she was uncomfortable but whether it was from the room&apos;s full attention being directed at her or talking about her past he couldn&apos;t be quite certain. He resolved that it was probably a bit of both and made a mental note to speak with her in a more intimate setting at a later time. She would probably find the twins amusing, given that they were Rangers of sorts as well. That simple fact might give him an innocuous enough conversation starter to get her to open up a bit afterwards.<br><br>As he continued to survey the comfortably intimate room he once again focused his attention on Ielenia. It was clear that she was quite shaken. His heart broke for her but, being wholly unfamiliar with her, he couldn&apos;t think of anything to do that might ease her pain. She didn&apos;t appear to particularly enjoy the mead, in fact, to his surprise, it didn&apos;t appear that anyone in the group had taken even so much as a sip of the mead he had poured for them. <em>Maybe they&apos;re more of a wine drinking crowd.</em> He thought to himself, amused. <br><br>Instinctively, he took a couple more sips of his mead and listened attentively to Ielenia&apos;s apology. His heart broke for her even more as she related the circumstances of her father&apos;s departure and, although he could not possibly grasp the depth of her feelings, he had even more empathy for her attitude and skeptical nature. As she finished, he deftly wiped away the single tear that had wet his cheek. <em>There&apos;s so much pain in this company, no wonder The Gardener has guided my steps hence. There is much work to be done for these travelers but they must trust me before my efforts can bear fruit.</em> <br><br>At the close of Ielenia&apos;s solemn speech Oi moves with his characteristic distinguished grace like a flash across the room. He moved with care, not going so fast so as to be deemed a threat, lest he be mortally wounded by some concealed weapon, but quickly enough so that the moment wasn&apos;t lost. Before Ielenia could react he engulfed her in a warm, tender hug, as he would any one of his 4 sisters. He let the warmth of his spirit wash over her and projected all of his feelings into the act; hugging her completely, body, mind, and soul. He hoped that he moved and acted with enough reverence so that she wouldn&apos;t recoil or try to kill him. He knew everyone in this group hated being unwillingly touched. Before the contact became awkward he withdrew with dignity. Standing with his hands on her shoulders he intoned with a shaky rasp, &quot;My dear, the fear of being known is paramount to we beings of capable mind. I&apos;m so, so, so sorry for your father. I wish I had known him. If there is anything I can do to help you, please do not hesitate to ask.&quot; With that, and with his eyes still misty, he nods once, releases her shoulders with care, and returns to his corner with a slight sniffle.

-Keith U., May 31

---

Knowing that Ielenia wasn&apos;t going to kill him, Roan allowed himself to relax a little. Out of all his companions, she was the one who frightened him the most. Realizing that he hadn&apos;t yet touched Oi&apos;s mead, he picked it up gently and took a long sip while mustering up the nerve to respond.<br><br>&quot;I am sorry to learn that Ielenia. I remembered you mentioning that you had lost your father, but I did not realize how much pain it could have caused you. Or how much hurt it could still inflict. I shall give you the same offer that Oi has given you. However, you choose to have my help, I will do my best to give it to you.&quot;<br><br>Roan decides it best to not engage Ellie or Ursinalia in their discussion. He has a feeling that his interruption would be... unwelcomed. And so he turns his attention back to Grace.<br><br>&quot;And I very much do believe that Grace. There is only so much you can learn from books and scrolls. The world is out here, and that is not something that can easily be experienced by one person. That is the greatest lesson you all have taught me. To listen, learn, and refrain from judgement until.... further investigation. And especially to always investigate further, even if you think you already have found the truth.<br><br>Roan pauses to take a sip of his mead, which is even better than how he remembered it tasting, and the gather his thoughts before continuing.<br><br>&quot;I guess perhaps that&apos;s why I wanted to cast this spell. I wanted to learn more about each of you because I have been shaken about whom I should trust since our last adventure with the Order. I blindly trusted them so greatly, which you warned me about, and the main reason I&apos;m still here is because of you glorious individuals. I want to learn from my mistakes as well.&quot;<br><br>Realizing how plainly he spoke, Roan blushes profusely and adds, &quot;I want to clarify that I do trust and believe the best of each of you, but I don&apos;t trust my own judgement as much. I trust each of yours more than mine.&quot;<br>

-Carolyn M., May 31 (edited: May 31)

---

Taken aback by her longtime companion&apos;s general nonchalance and acceptance, Ielenia was incredibly surprised by the contrast of Oi&apos;s hug. She gasped and stiffened all of her muscles, sitting as straight and still as a board. Incredibly uncomfortable with the stranger&apos;s contact, Ielenia opened her mouth to say something snarky, but before she had a chance to respond the moment was over. Looking over at the stranger tearing up at her tale, Ielenia slowly closed her mouth and smiled, feeling a strange, welcoming warmth. <em>This one is not bad. He is far too honest. </em>Ielenia thought definitively. <em>How fitting that his drink of choice would be sweet honey. </em>Gingerly lifting her glass in both hands, Ielenia took a small sip of her mead. Deciding she quite liked the concoction, she quickly downed half the glass before turning her attentions back to the new face in the group. &quot;I...&quot; Ielenia paused, unsure how to begin. &quot;Thank you for your kind words. Oi? Was it?&quot; Turning to face the new member, she continued her attempts at polite conversation, &quot;So... you are... a cleric? Is that how you found us? Roan had never mentioned a Gardener.&quot;

-Rachel M., May 31 (edited: May 31)

---

Grace emerges from a deep silence to reply to Roan.  Her voice and gaze have a renewed edge... not of anger, but of trepidation.<br><br>&quot;<em>Glorious</em>... that&apos;s a first.  Kid, let me be the first to tell you that you&apos;ll need to learn to trust your own judgement, because mine isn&apos;t always very reliable.  Even if I <em>am</em> your tutor in the art of sarcasm, innuendo, and other things-not-as-they-seem.<br><br>&quot;But more to the point... I...&quot;<br><br>Grace takes a deep breath.<br><br>&quot;You say you know us enough to believe in us&#x2014;in redemption&#x2014;no matter what&apos;s behind us.  Just half an hour ago I would&apos;ve told you that was stupid.  But I&apos;ve never seen anyone believe something so... so <em>much</em>.  And you say you want to learn more about us.  So... I can&apos;t speak for the others, but here I am.  Ask anything, and I&apos;ll answer.  Then we shall see if you can still believe.  Or don&apos;t ask; perhaps you truly don&apos;t need to know.  It&apos;s up to you.&quot;<br>

-Ben, June 01

---

Roan is truly shocked with Grace&apos;s openness. This was much more than he expected, or really even hoped. Of all the people in the room, he was sure she and Oi would have rejected the spell&apos;s effects. Oi because of his training, and Grace because of her stubborn nature. But were there any questions he needed answered..........?<br><br>After a long pause he makes up his mind. He&apos;s definitely going to be respectful, and not too personal. But he&apos;s too curious to not ask something.<br><br>&quot;I suppose I don&apos;t need to know more about you. Like you said, I believe pretty strongly about each of you being a good person. But I am still incredibly curious, and nosy, so I will ask you one. Do you remember all the a different names you&apos;ve used, including your first one, or only the ones in which memorable things happen to you? You don&apos;t have to list them, just do <em>you</em> remember them?&quot;<br>

-Carolyn M., June 01

---

Grace leans back upon hearing that Roan does not feel compelled to probe, wearing a... complicated expression on her face.  She seems a little bit surprised, a little bit relieved, and a little bit uncertain.  She has to stifle a laugh at his one question, though.<br><br>&quot;Pfffft!  You think that&apos;s nosy?  You wouldn&apos;t want to hear <em>my</em> nosy questions.<br><br>&quot;The answer is <em>of course</em> I remember them.  Well, the ones I consider my names, anyway.  Tynfi was my name; Grace is my name.  I remember those and all the ones that came before them.  But Melody&#x2014;the name I gave the priest in the temple the other day&#x2014;not my name.  I&apos;ve probably given and forgotten more fake names in my life than there are days in a month.&quot;

-Ben, June 01

---

&quot;Then I feel better about my assessment of you Grace. You remembering your past names shows to me that you care about what you have done in the past. A person with little conscious would have likely forgotten a long time ago. So I guess its your turn to ask me one. Everyone else is welcome to as well. Hopefully you know I don&apos;t have many secrets, just interesting stories.&quot;

-Carolyn M., June 01

---

Oi allows his relief to be reflected on his features. He had learned long ago that a large part of effective communication was body language. He smiled gracefully at Ielenia, &quot;Yes, my name is Oi, as in &apos;Hey you!&apos; or &apos;Come here&apos;&quot;, he says with a hearty laugh, &quot;it&apos;s kind of you to remember, thank you. <br><br>He crosses his ankles and focuses on Ielenia, following her lead in polite conversation, &quot;I am indeed a cleric, although that is a fairly vague description to be honest. Clerics come in a manner of varieties and I would say that we&apos;re a fairly versatile bunch. Not as handy as a rouge would be when skillfully disarming a trap or sneaking up on folks but we, like you, have our natural uses. More specifically, I am a &apos;life cleric&apos; which is to say I&apos;m a healer. Most would think that healing is setting broken bones or curing wounds but I&apos;ve discovered that emotional trauma is much more difficult to mend. I attempt to heal all aspects of a being. I admit that I&apos;m a bit more skillful at physical healing, that is somewhat of a gift I&apos;ve received, but I will say I work much harder at attempting to fix the spirits of those who have experienced loss or terror. It&apos;s not always easy but I have found it to be very rewarding.&quot; <br><br>He dabs his still misty eyes with a handkerchief and, after a slight pause, is back to his normal exquisite appearance as if by magic. &quot;How I came to be here is a bit of luck, which can only really be attributed to The Gardener. Roan and I have a fun and amusing history, perhaps if you ask him sometime he&apos;ll tell the tale. I prefer not to tease others for being teetotalers.&quot; He gives a wry sideways glance at Roan as he says this, &quot;But then, he was much smaller at that time, perhaps his tolerance has improved.&quot;<br><br>He refocuses his attention on Ielenia and with a keen eye begins what sounds like a well practiced speech. &quot;Elves venerate a quadruple pantheon of deities. There is Rumaro, The Gardener, creator and protecter of life. She is believed to have birthed we elves and gifted us with our longevity. Since she is the creator, she is seen as the patriarch of the four and is also widely thought of as being the most powerful. Her twin is named Maiavin. She is often called the Harvester. She is the mirror of Rumaro, the goddess of death. Her devotees believe it is their purpose to seek out and destroy evil. Traditionally, elven warriors offer prayers to her in hopes that she will guide their blades to cull the unworthy and spare those who deserve mercy. Next there is Eldin, the Teacher, he is the younger brother of the Twins. Rumaro tasked him with teaching we elves about the Arts. While he clearly favors the Arcane art, he is also a master of craftsman. Lastly, and worshiping him is taboo in civilized society, is Malgeth, the Deceiver. At one time, he was celebrated as a benevolent god and was believed to be equal to Eldin in power, however, it was he who convinced Eldin to share elven knowledge with the Halflings and there&apos;s been some fallout for that I&apos;m afraid. Still, some merchants mutter a few prayers to him from time to time prior to negotiating or agreeing on a deal.&quot; He waves his hand nonchalantly, &quot;The fact that Roan did not mention any of this is of little surprise. Roan, to be sure, is not an elf and, as such, I don&apos;t believe he would have much use for this sort of knowledge.&quot;<br><br>His demeanor shifts slightly, &quot;However, the fact that you have not heard of The Gardener informs me that you must have led a fairly secluded life prior to your time with this group. This, to me, means that you are not from Protsvitally, unlike your sister, and judging by your somewhat...how to put this delicately...awkward, interaction with her, I&apos;d say that your relationship is relatively nascent.&quot; He holds up his hands and closes his eyes in benevolence at this. &quot;I mean you no offense by that, it&apos;s just that I have enough siblings to know what it&apos;s like to interact with someone with whom you are intimately familiar. You and Ellie do not appear to be on that level just yet. To be sure, she cares about you a great deal, and I&apos;m sure the feeling is mutual, but you did not grow up together. All this lays the groundwork for my question to you, what have you done since your father&apos;s passing?&quot;

-Keith U., June 01

---

&quot;I warned you about my questions, didn&apos;t I?  You&apos;ve brought this upon yourself.<br><br>&quot;Just how does one cope with life in a monastery?  How much time do you spend training and studying?  And how much time does that leave you to dispose with at your leisure?  Do they even let you outside to <em>enjoy</em> said leisure?  Is there crushing boredom involved?  Are there stifling taboos against all the fun things one might do to alleviate said boredom?  Do those things happen anyway?<br><br>&quot;Oh, was I only supposed to ask one?  Well, damn.&quot;<br>

-Ben, June 01

---

Ielenia blinked at Oi and blushed. Embarrassed for knowing so little about her own people, she opened and closed her mouth, not quite sure where to begin. Aside from Ellie, no one in her party had dared to ask about her father, or had tried to get her to open up about her past. She had seen to that. <em>And yet this</em> <em>stranger already seems to know everything about me. Why is this not frightening? </em>Looking at Oi with the kind of look she reserved for when she was hiding something from her father, Ielenia sighed.<br><br>&quot;My father... I think he may have been from Prosvitaly, but I&apos;m not sure. He never talked about his past, and I never pushed the matter. It made him angry and I knew he always had my best interests at heart. I suppose it would make sense if he had been from the fallen city. In my 200 years it was largely only the two of us hunting and trapping in the woods. He didn&apos;t trust anyone, and it took half of my life before he would let me start venturing into town with him to make trades.&quot; Ielenia trembled slightly and crossed her arms, the weight of her truth feeling different when spoken aloud. &quot;I don&apos;t want to make it sound like he was cruel. I loved him dearly. He would craft little works of wood for me, and would always let me chose which woods we were exploring next. He just...&quot; Ielenia trailed off, not having thought objectively about her father&apos;s behavior before. It was a bit uncomfortable.<br><br>Changing her timbre to something a little lighter, but looking no less solemn, Ielenia began again, &quot;If I learned anything at all about the world, it was from my Uncle Rhawon. He was my father&apos;s friend, not actually my uncle, but he treated me like I could have been his daughter. He gave me my first set of daggers and taught me how to walk more quietly than the deer. Sometimes he would try telling me about my father&apos;s past, but Adran would always get so angry, Rhawon once said that Adran had lost all faith in the world after the city fell. That much I did learn. Prehaps what Rhawon meant was, <em>Faith.&quot; </em><br><br>Sighing again and withdrawing into herself, Ielenia mumbled on, &quot;As much as I hate to admit it, you&apos;re right about Ellie. I hadn&apos;t known she had existed until a couple months ago.&quot; Taking a deep breath, she continued, when my father died, the last thing he said was to find my mother. He had never so much as mentioned her name before, but there I was. I had some clues from Rhawon, so I started traveling across the country to find her. That&apos;s when I ran into this adventuring party. I was... forcibly drafted to participate in some town&apos;s festival games. I wanted nothing more than to leave and continue my search, but the longer I stayed the more connections I found to my past.&quot;<br><br>Realizing she had spoken for quite some time, Ielenia softly apologized.<br>

-Rachel M., June 02

---

Ellie had tensed when she saw Oi embrace her sister but Ielenia&#x2019;s reaction was anything but what she had been expecting. Oi&apos;s every word, every action was so full of care and understanding that any tension over how the hug would be received dissolved. The compassion that he showed for people he barely knew was remarkable and she had to wonder if his entire family was like that. She looked back to Ursinalia and reached down to grab her mead. As she crossed the room, she absently took a sip and was surprised at how good the drink tasted. <br><br><p>She sat down next to the pretty blonde elf, although
not quite as close as Oi had been.<br>
<br>
&quot;So,
you said that Wolf wants to protect me and Rat to impress me? I think they both
have done what they set out to do. Hopefully, I will do nothing to earn Bear&apos;s
wrath; I saw those claw and bite marks.&quot; Ellie said with a smile as she
sipped on the delicious mead. &quot;That was quite the entrance to a fight and
here I was, worried about your lack of armor. Is that how you you hunt so
effectively? Do you remember everything in your animal form? Are your feelings
one and the same or do you just feel theirs along with your own? I remember you
said your brother hadn&apos;t taken his rites yet but can he change as you do? Do
you worship Rumaro as Oi does?&quot;<br>
<br>
Ellie
knew she was peppering Ursinalia with questions but the first time they had
met, she&apos;d been in an altered state and they had been chasing leads about the
Tome since then. The more she asked, the more questions she thought of, until
the calm tone of Oi&apos;s voice drifted across the room. She looked over and saw
Ielenia&apos;s uncomfortable posture and heard enough to discern what they were
discussing. She had a very strange mix of feelings as she saw Oi comforting her
sister, ranging from appreciation to... jealousy? Shouldn&apos;t she be filling that
role as her sister? But it seemed Oi had a gift of understanding and empathy
with people that she lacked. Perhaps that is why he and Ursinalia are so close.
But she would save that question for a moment.</p>Ellie sipped the mead regularly in an effort to keep herself from asking more questions while she waited for the young druid to answer.

-Nicole, June 02 (edited: June 02)

---

Ursinalia watches the
exchange between Oi and Ieleneia not the least surprised at how well Oi was
handling himself. He did always have a knack for comforting people. Her gaze
was drawn away by Ellie standing and the coming over to sit down. Happy to be
the focus of Ellie&#x2019;s attention, Ursinalia listens trying to remember all of the
questions as they come so quickly. <br>

<br>

Chuckling Ursinalia answers&#x201C;
I&#x2019;m glad they have both accomplished their goals Wolf and Bear are both great
hunters, if in very different ways. Bear tends to be the better fisher, though
they do not always hunt for me. I can use this as well&#x201D; gesturing to her
crossbow, &#x201C; though maybe not quite as adeptly as yourself.&#x201D; Ursinalia smiles. <br>

<br>

&#x201C;I find my appearance does
give a slight advantage when an attacker underestimates my abilities, though it
usually only works the first time, I find that is typically sufficient. Though
if Wolf or Bear would be too hurt in battle I will stay back and cast instead,
I am still learning my limits and theirs. <br>

<br>

&#x201C;I do always remember what
happens when I transform, but there is a reason each shape has it&#x2019;s own
identity. When I am Wolf for example I can control my actions, I know who is
who and can remember why I transformed. However, there is a level of animal
instinct that takes over my emotional being. Some find it strange that Wolf
should act like a wolf instead of an elf pretending to be a wolf. Imagine I
asked you to spend the next few hours behaving like a wolf, you could walk on
all fours and howl and snarl and bite, but it would feel unnatural, you are
aware you are an elf and not a wolf so it feels wrong and silly.  That is how Wolf feels about behaving like an
elf, it is wrong because she is a Wolf and not an elf. Thus the animal over
takes the elf in a way. I do direct Wolf but only when needed, if her instincts
disagree with myself I can take over and control her, but it feels wrong and
sometimes silly to do so. So sometimes when I remember what I did after
transforming back it will feel like it was strange because an elf would not
have done those thing that way, but after so long I have come to accept the
feeling. It helps to allow every animal to have it&#x2019;s own personality to
separate the actions, then when I remember it is not silly because of course
Wolf would have done it that way even if I wouldn&#x2019;t have. <br>

<br>

&#x201C;Marrendien will take his Druidic
Rites in a few years, yes, once he does he will be able to learn shapes. It
takes time to develop different shapes, and you must know and study a shape
before you can learn it. Most druids either spend most of their study on
animals and transformation, as I have, or they focus on the magic of nature and
casting spells. All druids can do both with varying degrees of proficiency. It
will be his decision to make. <br>

<br>

&#x201C;Rumaro
is the Gardener, the bringer of life. So yes Rumaro is whom I worship when I am
inclined. I appreciate her bringing the natural world to life, so in a way my
communing with nature is how I worship her. Who do you worship? <br>

<br>

Ursinalia
reaches down to take a sip of her mead after talking so much. Then pauses to
allow Ellie to take in her explanation of her Wildshapes. It has gotten better
over time but some still find it very confusing. <br>

-Amber  F., June 02

---

<span style="font-family: &quot;arial&quot; ; color: rgb( 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap ; background-color: transparent">Ellie tried in vain to picture herself as a wolf, howling and vicious. Ursinalia&apos;s explanation was good enough that she understood the mechanics but comprehending the mental transformation was another thing entirely. She was the Wolf and the Wolf was her but they were also not each other. <br><br>&quot;I think-&quot; she said, her face still furrowed in thought. &quot;Well, at least, I am sure that you will be able to tell me apart from our enemies and that I will be able to communicate with you. Whether Bear or Wolf heed my words appears to be another story. Is it strange to transform into a new animal and be unaware how your consciousness will co-exist?&quot; <br><br>She had the briefest memory of bronze wings and a green eye come to her and suddenly downed some of the mead in an effort to hide her anxiety. Imagining this elf in front of her turning into a dragon, a consciousness full of hate and malice, was an unwelcome thought. She was fairly certain that that form would not be one druids could study, especially considering the bronze dragons had not been seen in centuries, but that did not help the image in her head.<br><br>&#x201C;Unless learning its instincts are a part of your studies as well,&quot; she rushed on. &quot;It sounds as if Marrendien&#x2019;s studies will take many years between the animal forms and the spells. I suppose studies are continuous throughout your life as you encounter new animals so, I assume, you are also still studying.&quot;<br><br>She tilted her head and wondered if Ursinalia&apos;s study of different animal forms was considered worship as well when she realized she had not answered the girl&apos;s question. She laughed, as she had already asked so many and received answers, yet not answered the sole question asked of her. <br><br>&quot;I&apos;m not ignoring your question, Ursinalia. I just don&apos;t consider myself particularly... religious, so to say I worship any of the gods would be stretching the truth. I find more solace in knowing that I have practiced with my bow until it and I are one, rather than raising my eyes to any god and asking for their blessing. However, I do understand and appreciate the ideals of The Harvester. It may sound odd, given our earlier conversation regarding death, but I do not see her in the same light that I see the Cult or even Thania&apos;s temple. She asks to destroy the wicked and offer mercy to the deserving. There&apos;s no funeral pyres or celebration of Death, just triumph that more evil has been wiped from this plane. I worked years with others who worshiped The Harvester and her principles, but I still put more faith in my own skills and the abilities of my companions than the will of the gods. If Maiavin deems my arrow worthy to fly a little straighter during my hunts, then so be it, but I won&apos;t wait for her to tell me when to shoot.&quot;</span>

-Nicole, June 02

---

Hearing Ellie&apos;s voice after mentioning her sister to Oi, Ielenia glanced over to find her deep in conversation with Ursilinia. A small pit inexplicably took root in her heart. <em>I suppose Ellie needs to be around people more worthy of her company. </em>Frowning slightly, Ielenia turned her attentions back to the conversation at hand. 

-Rachel M., June 02

---

Taking in and processing the information from 3 conversations going on around and between him was beginning to tire Oi&apos;s mind. He was an excellent conversationalist to be sure but analyzing and cataloging this much information at once was beginning to fray his focus. To give his waning faculties a breather, he speaks in a somewhat louder, yet still tender, voice, and obtained the attention of the group for a moment, &quot;My dear, never apologize for talking about yourself; thank <em>you </em>for being willing to share with me. I hope that I may hear more when you are ready.&quot;<br><br>He lightly touches Ielenia&apos;s knee, a friendly gesture, &quot;I see that you&apos;ve nearly finished your mead. If I&apos;m not mistaken, Ellie has as well. If you&apos;ll excuse me for a moment I&apos;ll provide a fresh round for the group. I&apos;ll be right back but while I&apos;m gone, try to think of something you&apos;d like to ask me. You&apos;ve been more than generous with your story and I don&apos;t want to pry too much and wear out my welcome.&quot; <br><br>After saying this he moves about the room and refills the glasses of the group, save Grace, who hasn&apos;t touched her mead. Noticing this, and recalling a vague murmur about her choosing to no longer drink alcohol, he removes her glass graciously, so that she would no longer be tempted by its contents. He did this with such nonchalance that no one else appeared to really notice. He gave a friendly wink to Grace as he did so. Returning toward Ielenia, he clapped Roan on the back good naturedly on his way past, an unspoken gesture of &apos;It&apos;s great to see you again my old friend&apos;, and, his mind refreshed from the brief respite he had created, resumed his conversation with Ielenia. <br><br>He lowers himself to the floor and sits cross-legged on plush cushion. &quot;Family is a very interesting beast for us elves. We grow older than most humans but we&apos;re still viewed by our parents and relations as children.&quot; He gives a rueful shake of his head, sips his refreshed mead, and continues solemnly, &quot;I&apos;m sorry that your father passed on just as you and he were beginning to bond, however, I am pleased to hear that your &apos;uncle&apos; is still able to provide you with some guidance and comfort. Wisdom has a high cost when it is purchased alone. Rhawon sounds like an interesting man, he&apos;d have to be to provide a young girl with daggers. Perhaps you&apos;ll introduce us sometime, and, perhaps I may be able to accompany you and Ellie back home to your mother. I&apos;m sure I could make the journey with you on my way back to my monastery.&quot; He glances almost imperceptibly in Ellie&apos;s direction at saying this in hopes of gauging her reaction to his proposal.<br><br>&quot;Now, you mentioned connections to your past, what other things did you find in the town besides Ellie?&quot; He leans into Ielenia&apos;s space, like an eager school-child with a secret, &quot;Oh, and don&apos;t worry about Ursi&quot; he whispers, &quot;she&apos;s harmless really outside of animal form, and your sister will be back to churn all of this over with you later; I promise you that.&quot; He leans back into his own space and drinks half of his glass of mead, enjoying its cool temperature.

-Keith U., June 02

---

Bewildered once again by Oi&apos;s perceptiveness, Ielenia blurted out, &quot;Can you read minds? Or, um. Are you just good with people?&quot; Raising her glass of mead in thanks, she drank deep in an attempt to regain some of her social graces. Smiling lightly, she began, &quot;Interesting is certainly a good way to describe Rhawon. His hair is so shaggy that most of the time he looks more like a wolf than an elf. Always joking with this big toothy grin.&quot; Setting down her glass, Ielenia did her best to impersonate her uncle, placing her hands on her hips and throwing her head back to shake her hair off her shoulders, laughing all the while. The sound of her own laughter startled her. It wasn&apos;t by any means an unpleasant sound, but she couldn&apos;t remember the last time she had truly laughed as hard as she was currently pretending to. Her smile became more genuine as she started to giggle at the sad humor of her situation.<br><br>&quot;Sorry,&quot; she muttered through gasps of air. &quot;You would love Rhawon. But he never stays in one place for long. I actually haven&apos;t seen him in years. But he always managed to find Adran and I when he meant to. I&apos;m sure he&apos;ll find me again when the time comes.&quot; Tilting her head thoughtfully, Ielenia continued, &quot;Actually, Ellie and I were thinking about tracking him down after I meet Kyortia. Our mother.&quot; Ielenia added helpfully. &quot;I found out about her through Myrrdin, one of the friends of those high ranking order types,&quot; Ielenia gestured with her mead toward Roan for emphasis. &quot;Apparently one or both of my parents had some connection to him. But I&apos;m not really sure. We were separated after the town we were staying in was raided by orcs.&quot;<br><br>Ielenia paused for a moment. &quot;I do have one question for you, if you don&apos;t mind.&quot; Lowering her voice, she scooted forward towards Oi and asked, &quot;Not that I don&apos;t enjoy your company, but I was wondering... well, how did you come to become a member of our group? What did you mean when you said that you replaced Quel?&quot;

-Rachel M., June 02 (edited: June 02)

---

Ursinalia pause briefly to consider how to explain wild
shapes, since she usually only discusses it with other druids. &#x201C;Yes listening
to others as an animal is the easy part, being able to respond has taken some
work. I can&#x2019;t respond to questions or commands verbally so I have to use body
language, which I think you can imagine isn&#x2019;t always perceived the way it is
meant. When you are happy about an outcome you smile about it right? Well
imagine Wolf smiles a big grin at you, your first instinct isn&#x2019;t likely to be
hey she&#x2019;s happy! <br><br>
&#x201C;Studying an animal is about observing it in its natural
state, I see it in the environment it lives in ideally. I can watch it&#x2019;s
movements and it&#x2019;s reactions and instincts and predict how it will feel. Some
animals feel stranger then others and take a longer time to become in tune
with. Shark was difficult to get to know, she has special senses and does not
even walk on land. I think the more unlike an elf the harder it is to be one
with the animal, not that I would completely lose control. Also the more time I
spend in that form the better I know it, I know Bear and Wolf very well. So
yes, I am always watching and thus studying, though that is hard to do here in
the city. I&#x2019;m excited to finally be outside of a city, even if it is only for a
little.&#x201D; <br><br>
Remembering a piece of Oi and Ielenia&#x2019;s conversation from
earlier she asks, &#x201C; How long have you been traveling with your sister? Are you
two very close?&#x201D; <br>

-Amber  F., June 02 (edited: June 02)

---

Ielenia&apos;s laugh filled the room. It caught Ellie off guard and she quickly turned to see her sister laughing and smiling with Oi. She took a sip of her new cup of mead as she turned back to Ursinalia.<br><br>&quot;I believe we are close for the amount of time that we have known each other, but that has only been a few months. We were thrown together in a team for some celebratory games in a town in Afon. Not by choice mind you, but it was a happy coincidence that we were both there. Apparently, our mother, Kyortia, didn&apos;t see fit to tell me I had a sister and who knows if we would have met if that hadn&apos;t happened. She must have her reasons... but I would have liked to actually get to know Ielenia as we grew up, understand her likes, her fears, to be a sister to her. Gods, I didn&apos;t even know she existed!&quot; <br><br>Exasperated, she threw her hand that was not holding the mead in the air. The frustration in her voice had been unmistakeable and she took another sip of the mead to try to calm herself. <br><br>&quot;I suppose that is no longer important though. I know her now and, eventually,  I hope she will get to know the rest of her family. I want to bring her to my home so she can finally meet our mother in person. I believe it&apos;s a long time away but, when the time does arrive, it will be... like a dream. My father and mother will be delighted and Ielenia has already promised to show Aran how to use daggers. I must say I&apos;m glad we will have time together before we go though. Sometimes it feels as if we did grow up together and I care for her immensely, but we are still getting to know each other.&quot;<br><br>Ellie glanced over in Ielenia&apos;s direction to see her and Oi intimately discussing something of great interest. She smiled at the thought that her sister had found someone she trusted so quickly, but the feeling was mixed with sadness that they had not shared more moments of confidence like that. She rose to her feet.<br><br>&quot;I would like to check on her, actually. Would you join me? Perhaps you and Oi can tell me the story of how your families know each other.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, June 03 (edited: June 03)

---

Roan was still a bit bewildered by the other conversations going on. He had half expected that the sisters would have closed themselves off completely, but here Ielenia was chatting away. He chuckled to himself thinking &quot;That&apos;s Oi for you...&quot;<br><br>Remembering that Grace has asked him a question, he suddenly became embarrassed that it took him so long to respond.<br><br>&quot;Well, uh, Grace.... you see, give me a second.&quot; And drained his cup of mead before Oi came to refill his glass. This mead was still the best he had ever tasted, and was glad for Oi saving his butt once again.<br><br>&quot;So, how does one cope with life in a monastery? I guess its very similar to having about 17 different fathers, all of whom have different ideas about how to raise you. So while you do spend most of your time studying, you get the rare occasion to try to do something completely unique. While I was still young, there were other orphans whom I played and studied with. The other orphans were mostly older than I, so they began their training well before I did, so I came to spend much more time with the elder monks. And I must admit I was not a very good student. But one of my teachers, Gwailahir, gave me the idea to start my dictionary to continue learning. The way he put it, &quot;At the rate you learn, it&apos;ll take you your whole life to master those words in that book.&quot; In retrospect, he wasn&apos;t the kindest. Oh, and there were always people visiting and staying at the monastery. The Seekers would come, and we often transcribed parts of their Paths, so I learned how to read and write, and ruined some books in the process, much to our librarian&apos;s chagrin. The traveling Seekers would also try to teach me the basics of swordsmanship, again much to the frustration of my mentors. But I am grateful that they did; It made training much easier when I did join. And then people like Oi would often come, to barter or sell their wares! I never had the chance to taste Oi&apos;s mead before I was of age, although I did try many a time, but the priests always praised it as the best! Even better than the ales they brewed, which was a great compliment from them.<br><br>&quot;I suppose that there was always someone to occupy my time between learning or preaching, so I never really thought I was bored. Or maybe I was just easily entertained. I like learning anyway, so maybe that was my leisure. But it does make it difficult to find things to do by myself now. I&apos;d still rather go find a priest to pick apples and debate theology with, or relearn how to brew ale, or go back and master calligraphy, or what about the library, it had some fantastic maps that I could never pronounce their name.....(he continues on for a while about a number of extremely nerdy exploits that he shared with the old men in the monastery).<br><br>&quot;But in order to become a priest in the Order, one must be very wizened and typically old. So many of my first friends are dead now. They lived lives to be celebrated! And that is why I really wanted to leave, and see the rest of the world. So I could experience the things in their old stories, and live to tell fantastic tales one day myself. I really do miss those old men....&quot;<br><br>As the memories of his childhood come back to him, Roan finds himself tearing up. He always loved those father figures, and since many had died while he was training, he never really had a chance to mourn his loss.<br><br>But now is still not the time. Attempting to wipe away his tears with his free hand and drink with his other, he ended up spilling the contents of his mug all over his tunic. So he stands up to refill his mug across the room. As he moves, he avoids eye contact as he continues to respond to Grace.<br><br>&quot;I hope that answered your questions. I fear I might have gotten off track at some point.&quot; *sniff* &quot;What about you Illyrio? It seems you have been uncharacteristically quiet through these question and answer sessions.&quot;

-Carolyn M., June 03

---

Ursinalia stands to accompany Ellie over to her sister. Passing Roan as he spills his drink on himself, and sit down with the other Elves. <br><br>&quot;Is Oi telling jokes? they must be very good.&quot; Ursinalia says embracing the sarcasm and giving Oi a wink. 

-Amber  F., June 03

---

Oi raises his glass in salute with Ielenia and laughs heartily with her. Her actions provided the perfect mental picture and were incredibly amusing to boot. He continues to listen intently and He shakes his head a few times at Roan&apos;s typical clumsiness. He smiles warmly as Ursi and Ellie approach and scoots a little to make room for the two of them. &quot;Well aren&apos;t I the lucky guy in the room? You ladies must be suckers for a pretty face bearing sweet alcohol.&quot; <br><br>Oi responds casually, &quot;Me? Joking? Ne...&quot; He stops short and frowns. &quot;Not even sarcasm?!? Are you kidding me? Ugh...&quot; He clinches his jaw a few times and scrunches his nose a bit. &quot;Well, we haven&apos;t been telling jokes per se, but Ielenia has been most entertaining. She&apos;s quite the card when you get her talking. Now, I don&apos;t want to disappoint you, Ielenia, but unfortunately I can&apos;t read minds. I&apos;m sure there are some wizards who can but I&apos;ll just have to leave that to them. I am just reasonably insightful and perceptive.&quot;<br><br>With something of a shrug, Oi drinks some more mead, and responds warmly to Ielenia&apos;s question, &quot;From the pieces I&apos;ve put together, your companion Quel was a bit unhappy. Apparently he&apos;s not much of a fighter and got tired of the constant danger and death that surrounds your little group. I&apos;m not sure how much I&apos;ll be able to &apos;replace&apos; his specific skill set. I imagine he was a sweet talker, most bards are. I&apos;m not the greatest at persuading or intimitating or deceiving but I can hold my own in pleasant conversation. I absolutely cannot play a musical instrument and I can&apos;t carry a tune in a bucket, so don&apos;t hold your breath on that front either.&quot; He chuckles and continues, &quot;As for how I met up with you all, I was downstairs yesterday morning after I had just sold my Order&apos;s mead and met Roan and Ursi. That&apos;s pretty much the whole story I think.&quot; He closes genially, &quot;Maybe Ursi or Ellie can provide you some much more details.&quot;

-Keith U., June 03