The party has just left the Temple of Thania, the greatest of the standing religious centers in the heart of Heliopis (but has <strong>not </strong>yet encountered the priest and his two flail-wielding knights).  Grace still looks like she&apos;s seen a ghost, but the conversation with her comrades has taken the edge off of her anxiety, and her hurried stride has slowed to something far more casual.<br><br>&quot;Oh, don&apos;t be so surprised.  It&apos;s pretty easy to fake something like that.  It&apos;s all about the emotion.  Look concerned when you should look concerned, beam with pride when you should beam with pride, that sort of thing.  For the most part, you can say <em>nothing</em> in a whole lot of words and they won&apos;t notice as long as you&apos;ve got a winning smile and a forceful frown.  But that doesn&apos;t matter so much right now.  What matters is that I...&quot;<br><br>Grace&apos;s hand recalls the cool metal curves of her flask and the pleasant heft it had when full of whiskey.  She then recalls that she threw it overboard somewhere in the northern sea... for good reason.<br><br>&quot;... Never mind.  If they catch up to us and we have to fight I&apos;ll buy you all dinner.  No getting killed, remember?  Ellie practically made us all swear on it last night.&quot;

-Ben, May 11

---

&quot;So...yeah...why&apos;re we running?&quot; Quel looks over his shoulder disinterestedly. He continues, &quot;I&apos;ve been doing my own thing here lately and I&apos;ve kind of missed the...um...importance...of what&apos;s going on. What were you looking for in there anyway, Gracie? And just out of curiosity, as an aside, with that spell you just wove, could you take <em>any </em>form, like, I dunno, a voluptuous she-elf?&quot; He gives a devilish grin while looking between the three other elf girls already in the group and moves quickly away from the temple following Tynfi&apos;s lead.

-Keith U., May 11 (edited: May 12)

---

&quot;I had to ask some questions of, uh, theological sensitivity to figure out what this Cult of Three Deaths is all about. I learned a little bit from the priest&#x2014;it seems like Thrask ordered a purge of the temple hierarchy to root out this cult, a purge that took down the Second High Priest, but then this other man walked up...&quot;<br><br>Grace turns to look over her shoulder. She seems to lose her train of thought for a moment, but she turns around and picks up where she left off.<br><br>&quot;... claiming to be an inquisitor of some sort. He was half-elven; he said his name was &apos;Star.&apos; He saw right through me... he saw right through me, and he didn&apos;t out me right then and there. That&apos;s bad. A man like that wants something. I didn&apos;t stick around to figure out what an inquisitor of the Pale Goddess of Death might want from me.<br><br>&quot;And no... I suspect four elves would be one too many.  Or would that be four-and-a-half elves?&quot;<br>

-Ben, May 11 (edited: May 12)

---

&quot;Four and a half it is!&quot; Quel says with a triumphant boyish grin.<br><br>&quot;Anyway, what are your suspicions about this guy? Does he work for the Cult or for Thrask? And what kind of questions were you asking to piss these guys off so much? What was the whole point of going in there in the first place?&quot;

-Keith U., May 12 (edited: May 13)

---



-Ben, May 12 (edited: May 12)

---

&quot;I would have made you actually swear had I thought about it.&quot;<br><br>Grace checking over her shoulder was making Ellie uncomfortable. She took a mental count of her arrows and tried to be as alert as she could with all the city noise going on. It was nothing like the forest.<br><br>She tried to focus for a moment on the conversation. &quot;How did this... Star see through that disguise? The transformation was impressive. I didn&apos;t understand when you said you wanted to follow Kormathal. I wasn&apos;t thinking along the lines of that kind of magic.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, May 12 (edited: May 13)

---

Ursinalia, sensing Grace&apos;s alarm, quickly steps to the front of the group in preparation for a any unwelcome visitors as she leads them down the streets towards halfton.  <br>

-Amber  F., May 12

---

&quot;Well, soldier boy here has been sent on another quest by Gwyn the Good and Pure and Mighty and all that.  I&apos;m a little fuzzy on the details, but it seems that they want to know more about the Cult of Three Deaths, which is somehow related to the Temple of Thania.  I was told it was a sensitive question, so I figured a disguise was in order.  So that was <em>why</em> I was in there.  Oh, and it seems it was indeed a sensitive question; the Temple would probably rather not admit how cozy some of their hierarchs were with the cult.<br><br>&quot;As for this Star character... I don&apos;t really know.  I have a sixth sense for when things are coming apart and I need to scram.  It&apos;s probably the only reason I&apos;ve lived as long as I have, so I don&apos;t make a habit of questioning it.  At any rate, it told me what I needed to know: he knew who I was, and he was <em>dangerous</em>.  And he bothered to give me his &apos;name.&apos;  I don&apos;t know what that means, but I don&apos;t like it.&quot;<br><br>Grace stares distractedly ahead.<br><br>&quot;My suspicions are that he&apos;s going to be looking for me.  My own private inquisition.  I don&apos;t like <em>that</em> either.&quot;

-Ben, May 13 (edited: May 13)

---

<em>This was exactly why he didn&apos;t want to involve them. It would just put them into more danger, because he insisted on doing the right thing. But do I ever learn? No, it takes far too long to learn my lesson, and at this rate half of my friends will have been dead by the time I do. But this is not the time to blame anyone. I need to focus on keeping them safe.</em> <br><br>Roan kept to the back of the group, casting wary glances over his shoulder. Once Grace had caught the others up to speed, he decided to add his two-cents.<br><br>&quot;I don&apos;t like any of it. Everything about this situation is troubling. I don&apos;t like that you are all now put in a dangerous position. And you probably are right Grace. This &apos;Star&apos; character seems to know what is going on, and I don&apos;t like how much he let you learn. It is as if he is comfortable enough with his power, to know he could do away with you before you could use that information against him.<br><br>&quot;But even more troubling are some of the implications of this religion and cult. Not only do these people worship Death, the rest of their Pantheon doesn&apos;t seem to be individuals you would survive running into in a back alley. As Quel mentioned earlier, the power of faith can do a lot in the means of commanding individuals to do one&apos;s will. While I disagree that faith alone is enough to maintain such a power for long, especially in a world such as ours where magic can be found without terrible difficulty. This then presents the question this religion&apos;s leaders, whom appear to include Thrask in some manner, about how far they are willing to keep their control.<br><br>&quot;And for possibly this or some other reason, someone wants this religion gone. What gains could possibly be achieved my overthrowing a bunch of people who worship Death? While I do agree that seeking out the real truth will be the only way for all people&apos;s to reach their own enlightenment, that does not seem to have been the goal of the Cult of Three Deaths. The only thing this cult would have been able to accomplish through the infiltration of the religion&apos;s ranks would be more death. Much, much more death. No one should desire that, correct?<br><br>&quot;But maybe their name could give insight into their desires. One death god would certainly &quot;require&quot; a certain amount of worship or sacrifice, but what if the other lunatics worshiped 3 Death Gods? How much &apos;praise&apos; would that require....&quot;

-Carolyn M., May 14

---

Ellie reached up and swung her bow from across her back to carry it in her left hand. Roan&apos;s words had chilled her bones. <br><br>&quot;I don&apos;t intend to let anyone involve us in any &apos;worship&apos; devoted to Thania or any other god of Death.&quot;<br><br><div>Her eyes followed Ursinalia to the front of the party. She would never make the mistake of underestimating an elf in a fight, however, she wondered if that position wouldn&apos;t be better filled by someone with more armor. <div><div><div><br>&quot;But we may have just thrown ourselves into the middle of a power struggle with a religion and a cult who venerate Death, both of whom have no qualms with, as Roan put it, back alley disposals? On top of the fact that Grace just caught the attention of a priest who seems be very assured that she is a non-issue?&quot; She takes a moment to glance back at Roan before returning her eyes forward. &quot;And we&apos;re absolutely sure Gwyn is on our side here?&quot;</div></div></div></div>

-Nicole, May 14 (edited: May 14)

---

Grace regains her focus, raising one of her eyebrows.<br><br>&quot;Hold on.  I&apos;m not sure I see death in the same way the rest of us do.  Death to the villains and the despots?  Death for those whose time has come?  Death for those who wish an end to their pain?  I don&apos;t think worship of the Lady of Death is really what&apos;s wrong here.  This place reeks, true... it reeks of slavery, shadowy cultists, murderous conquerors, iron-fisted inquisitors, high priests whose purses fatten with tithes... but it seems like death itself is what&apos;s least wrong with this picture.<br><br>&quot;Far be it from me to declare myself the voice of the faithful, of course.&quot;

-Ben, May 14

---

Ellie stopped walking, her face a mask of surprise.<br> <br>&quot;How can you say that anything positive comes from death? What about the innocents who died at the hands of the tyrants? The anguish of the people left behind by those who wish to end their pain? So the cultists and the conquerors are destroyed by the people of good, who are destroyed by the evil seeking revenge, perpetuating more loss and pain. Death is a beast that is never sated and the effects are pervasive. I&apos;m not naive enough to believe that death is something that can be avoided, but the worship of it? They are worshiping the actions that cause death and the effect that death has on the living. That&apos;s not something to be revered; it&apos;s something I find terrifying. I don&apos;t presume to speak for the rest of our party but I don&apos;t see how you can separate death from everything wrong about this city.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, May 15

---

Grace stops, too.<br><br>&quot;Don&apos;t get me wrong, here, the words <em>worship</em> and <em>piety </em>hardly belong in my vocabulary.  And these huge funeral wakes for dead rich men who lived by lording their swords over others... they&apos;re garish, at best.  But I have my sympathies for the old pale lady.  She gives welcome closure sometimes, and she brings the wicked to heel, unfailingly.  As a natural-born wrongdoer, it&apos;s hard not to... you know.  Wonder if she&apos;s coming.&quot;

-Ben, May 15

---

&quot;Death itself is a natural part of life. Eventually everyone must die, so the event itself is not something to be feared or extra-ordinary. All peoples are keenly aware of...<em>her...</em>presence. This I am not intending to debate. But as Ellie has mentioned, it is far too often that Death comes to those unsuitably prepared for it, and those who willfully seek it out leave a destructive wake. And for those unfortunate enough to grow <em>too</em> comfortable with her; they are more willing to tempt a wanton fate or make uninvited introductions with less of a thought of the whims of the others involved. So while I would not condemn someone who comfortable with their own death, or death in general, I will remain wary of those who worship it. Death comes far too quickly for humans anyway.&quot;

-Carolyn M., May 15

---

&quot;How diplomatic of you, kid.  And here I wondered if you&apos;d take this more personally.<br><br>&quot;Shouldn&apos;t we be going, though?  Ellie?&quot;

-Ben, May 16

---

<span style="font-family: &quot;arial&quot; ; font-style: italic ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap">&quot;Whaat&apos;s it liek knowin you&apos;ll outlive most ofus by... centuries?&quot; <br><br></span><span style="font-family: arial; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;">Tynfi&apos;s question from that drunken night long ago flashed into Ellie&apos;s mind as Roan finished his thoughts. She snapped out of the memory as Grace addressed her.<br><br>&quot;Yes, probably,&quot; she said to her companions, &quot;No sense in giving Star an easier target by standing around in the streets, if he does decide you are worth pursuing. Which I hope for his sake, he doesn&apos;t. I&apos;m not ready to embrace Death yet, but I will have no problem sending him to the Lady with my regards if he tries to arrange our meeting.&quot;<br><br>Her voice tightened slightly. &quot;I suppose we should go tell our &apos;partner&apos; how we sent away the... mean ol&apos; elf.&quot;</span>

-Nicole, May 16

---

&quot;Take things personally? I never do that! But, that is an excellent suggestion Ellie. Hopefully we will be more successful in that order of business. And perhaps we should walk a bit faster. After all, I am having no difficulties keeping up with you fast little people this time.&quot;<br><br>Roan still keeps looking back over his shoulder often, which greatly slows his pace. However, it is a much more convenient way to disguise the worry begging to creep into the edges of his face. All this talk of death is beginning to evoke an emotional response.

-Carolyn M., May 16

---

Lost in thought, Ielenia murmured mostly to herself, &quot;At least in death, we are all equal.&quot; Snapping out of her reverie, Ielenia drew closer to Ellie, sensing discomfort. The longer she spent with Ellie, the more she felt she was becoming attuned to her emotions. At this point, her sister&apos;s thoughts seemed almost as natural as her own. &quot;Let them worship what they want Ellie.&quot; Ielenia stated confidently, making a valiant attempt to disrupt the malaise hanging over her sister. &quot;Some people just need the purpose and order it provides.&quot; Remaining close to Ellie, she turned and called out, &quot;Roan, do you think this cult was involved with the murder of the Seeker?&quot;

-Rachel M., May 17 (edited: May 17)

---

Grace gives Roan a queer sort of side-eyed smile.<br><br>&quot;No... you never do take anything personally, do you?  Why would I even suggest such a thing.&quot;<br>

-Ben, May 17

---

&quot;Ielenia, I certainly hope not. That would be.... a most disturbing development. However, I don&apos;t believe we can completely rule out the possibility. Typically the Order doesn&apos;t seek too far beyond the borders of Afon on an organizational level. But perhaps Meredraught (I swear I spell that name differently every time) could have encountered the cult on his own Path.<br><br>&quot;And I have no idea why you would suggest things Grace. While at times I feel as if I am acting as your conscience, and sometimes the party&apos;s, I honestly have very little influence over what you say. Or at least it seems from your continued proclivity for profanity.&quot;<br><br>At this point, Roan is beaming with pride at being able to use many of his favorite &quot;large words&quot;. Reading his dictionary repeatedly on the sea voyage was beginning to pay off.

-Carolyn M., May 19

---

&quot;But <em>you </em>seem to be learning a thing or two from <em>me,</em> if that smooth change of subject is any indication.  Careful, now&#x2014;Mhares would be so upset to learn that I&apos;m turning you into a weaseling cynic!<br><br>&quot;Now, is there something wrong with my <em>proclivity</em> for <em>profanity</em>?  Or, Ellie, something wrong with our dealing with Kormathol?  You seem unhappy.&quot;

-Ben, May 19 (edited: May 19)

---

Ursinalia&apos;s mind wanders as she walks at the front of the group on high alert.  <br><br><em>I really wish we had been able to follow Kormanthol out of the city, then we would have something concrete to tell Fastolph. I was so busy worrying about impressing Ielenia, she seems so wary of me, but i really want to know more about Ellie... I totally for got to use my best trick! Cat wouldn&apos;t have gotten caught following that elf.. and if she did well, no one would have really known anyways! Gah! I&apos;m so out of touch spending so much time in this city... I want to go back out to the forests where everything makes more sense and I feel more at ease.... </em>

-Amber  F., May 20

---

<span style="font-family: &quot;arial&quot; ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap">Ellie appreciated her sister&apos;s comfort and nudged her with with her shoulder as they walked, a gesture of unspoken gratitude that she hoped her sister understood. She listened to Roan, turning with surprise as he spouted the word &quot;proclivity&quot; -<em>what other words had he picked up?</em>- but her surprise sobered as Grace mentioned Kormathal&apos;s name. Her brow furrowed as she spoke to the tiefling.<br><br>&quot;I understand he needed to leave. We need the tome and, apparently, there is no other way to procure it other than through the halflings. I understand, but I wish he would have been able to stay. I didn&apos;t know what to expect when he met us. From the rumors, I was afraid he might have gone insane since we last spoke. Driven mad and drunk with hate and wine. But when we were talking, some of his ideas... well, some of them made more sense than I was expecting.&quot;<br><br>Ellie&apos;s thumb worried the worn carvings on the grip of her bow.<br><br>&quot;I wasn&apos;t prepared for that.&#x201D; she said softly.<br></span>

-Nicole, May 21

---

Grace bites her tongue and closes her eyes.<br><br>&quot;The Lorenzo he&apos;s looking for is scum deserving of his wrath, sure.  But Kormathal kicks people while they&apos;re down&#x2014;&apos;I&apos;ll wring the neck of every halfling I see&apos;&#x2014;either for sport or because he&apos;s an <em>idiot</em>.  I hope for your sake it&apos;s just because he&apos;s an idiot.&quot;<br><br>She opens them again, looking to Ellie.<br><br>&quot;Maybe... <em>sigh</em>.  Maybe if we run into him again... you can cure him of that.&quot;

-Ben, May 21

---

Ellie&apos;s face hardened and she narrowed her eyes at Grace.<br><br>&quot;I do not care for you calling my friend an <em>idiot</em>.&quot;<br><br>After a few seconds, her features relaxed and she sighed, &quot;Just like I did not care for him threatening you. I hope, for <em>your </em>sake, you told him the truth about Lorenzo&apos;s whereabouts.&quot;<br><br>She relaxed her grip on her bow and went back to rubbing the carvings with her thumb.<br><br>&quot;I didn&apos;t say I agreed with his methods. They are... aggressive and cruel, at best. However, I can understand the thoughts behind his actions. The destruction of city was traumatic and I watched my parents struggle through their own grief, their losses. Kormathal&apos;s just manifested differently, into something of anger and blame. I have known him a long time but I don&apos;t know if anyone has the ability to &apos;cure&apos; him of that.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, May 21 (edited: May 21)

---

&quot;I&apos;m only calling him <em>maybe</em> an idiot...&quot;<br><br>Grace studies Ellie carefully.<br><br>&quot;I don&apos;t mean... well... I do mean... <em>something</em>.  I admire your willingness to forgive him, to see his pain, I think.  But I <em>can&apos;t</em>.  I can see what he&apos;s doing <em>now</em>.  And it makes me angry... whether or not he is driven to it by grief.<br><br>&quot;But we did something about it.  Hopefully he&apos;ll track down Lorenzo and learn something in the process.&quot;<br>

-Ben, May 21

---

&quot;And what if he doesn&apos;t? What if he learns absolutely nothing?&quot;<br><br>Ellie  looked straight ahead without actually seeing. <br><br>&quot;I used to-&quot;<br><br>She cut herself off, feeling Grace&apos;s eyes on her.<br><br>&quot;This would have been much easier if he was not my friend. You see him as an outsider, unbiased and objective, whereas I sympathize with him, his thoughts, regardless of the outcome. This is not how jobs are done.&quot;<br><br>She rubbed her forehead with her hand and cracked an odd smile.<br><br>&quot;Your initial plan was less messy, without all the emotions. Maybe we <em>should</em> have gone with that suggestion.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, May 21

---

Before anyone else could respond, Roan quickly interjected &quot;No, we should not have.<br><br>&quot;We made the right decision. We do not have the right to take another&apos;s life to end our own goals, without provocation. While Kormathal might be headed down a dark path, this will hopefully remedy him of revenge. As his friend Ellie, it is your responsibility to help him maintain a good life, but you cannot blame yourself if he declines to follow your lead. In fact, I am very surprised and a bit disappointed with your doubts in yourself.&quot;

-Carolyn M., May 22

---

<p><span style="font-size: 15px ; font-family: &quot;arial&quot; ; color: rgb( 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap ; background-color: transparent"></span></p><span style="font-family: &quot;arial&quot; ; color: rgb( 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap ; background-color: transparent">Ellie turned around and amended her steps to walk backwards, staring directly at Roan.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m sorry I have disappointed you but of course I have doubts. Doubts that Kormathal will be appeased with Lorenzo, that I could get him to listen to me to change his methods if he&apos;s not, and the repercussions if he doesn&apos;t. They may be unnecessary concerns - he may come back as squarely on the path to light as you are, revenge completed and hate washed away. But I dread what will happen if he doesn&apos;t. So, please, pardon my indulgence in the thought of giving up on him. This would have been a different discussion if he was not someone I was close to. If I am given the chance to help him towards goodness, I will gladly try, but that path may not be as well-lit or easily accessible for others, myself included, as it is for you. Perhaps the most I should hope for is to cure him of his&#x2026; <em>idiocy</em>, as Grace put it.&#x201D;<br><br>Ellie turned her head to see Ursinalia still on alert at the front of the group and felt pangs of unease that she had let down her own guard while talking. She readjusted her quiver and took another mental inventory of her gear before turning back around to walk normally.</span><span style="font-size: 15px ; font-family: &quot;arial&quot; ; color: rgb( 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap ; background-color: transparent"></span><br>

-Nicole, May 22 (edited: May 22)

---

<em>....I&apos;m not sure what all the fuss is about these religions either. The Gardner is the sower of life and the natural world and really everything else is false. Who worships death anyways? ... I hope Ellie&apos;s friend doesn&apos;t continue to upset her, perhaps i should offer my assistance should we meet him again. Bear can be quite persuasive in a argument, the strong silent type, hehe... <br><br></em>While Ursinalia is leading the group she sees a shadow in her peripheral vision and casually makes a turn down another street to see if it follows them. <br><br><em>Hopefully it&apos;s nothing. Probably just a bird or street urchin or someone else traveling the same exact streets to Halfton as we are...coincidence... I won&apos;t alert the group until i&apos;m sure were being followed, if so hopefully we can escape them other wise we may have to turn and fight. Here&apos;s hoping these adventurers are as tough out here as they are on the booze...   </em><br>

-Amber  F., May 24

---

Illyrio responds to this Kormanthal moralizing under his breath so only Tynfi can hear, lest he be seen by surrounding townsfolk as a slave speaking out of turn to his master. (Or heard by Ellie, whose views on halflings are starting to scare him just a bit.) He drips sarcasm.<br><br>&quot;Oh poor, poor vendetta-crazed elf who bullies random members of an oppressed and enslaved race in order to locate a halfling who was a toddler when the elf city was wiped out, partially by the elves own greed. I surely do hope his soul&apos;s gonna be untainted after this whole ordeal...&quot; <br><br>He sighs. &quot;There are countless valid reasons in this world to have vendettas against Lorenzo, goodness knows. I can name ten, and can guess another ten based on those papers we found! Go figure that the one person who HAS a vendetta against him and can do something about it only cares because of the one thing Lorenzo DIDN&quot;T do...&quot;<br><br>He sobers. &quot;There ain&apos;t no  way that settling whatever score this dude has with Lorenzo is going to quell his hatred - it&apos;s a numbskulled vendetta , and I know from numbskulled vendettas. But it got him out of our hair for a while and spared my people a bit of grief. Hopefully by the time he comes back &apos;round here realizing Lorenzo wasn&apos;t enough, my people will be long gone.&quot;<br><br><em>Or</em>, he thinks as he notices Ursi&apos;s sudden attentiveness to what&apos;s going on behind her, <em>my people will finally be able to call Cura home again</em>. But that notion is way too rosy and optiistic to say seriously out loud. Even under his breath. Even just to Tynfi.<br><br>As he thinks that, Tynfi is throwing Illyrio&apos;s sword back his way. And the bruised refugee wanting his mommy back is gone for the first time since Illyrio got back to Cura. With his rapier in hand, the enforcer is back. For a moment, Illyrio thinks he can stab all the humans of Cura and fix everything. He wishes he had Lorenzo by his side, like the old days. He steels himself for battle.

-Charles G., May 24