Ielenia locked eyes with Ellie, mirroring her sister&apos;s look of shock. Turning back to Grace, she hesitated before speaking up. &quot;The truth can be difficult to bear at times, that&apos;s why I often chose to say nothing to the party. So tell your tale before we decide whether or not you are still worthy of the same trust.&quot; Feeling rather than seeing Ursi and Oi approach, Ielenia turned and waved her friends over. &quot;I&apos;m guessing this is something we&apos;ll all want to hear.&quot;

-Rachel M., July 28

---

Oi leans in and whispers back to Ursi, &quot;Yep.&quot;<br><br>Oi and Ursi finally make it to the group. When they arrive, Oi twirls Ursi with a graceful flourish, making her long blond hair fly out in a huge fan. He bows extravagantly and gestures charismatically to a particularly comfortable looking piece of floor. &quot;Your seat, madam&quot;, he says with facetious formality. After kissing her hand playfully, he gathers himself and steps forward into the small circle, clearly seeking the group&apos;s attention. All this is done in a shell of the elegance the two characteristically display. Oi looks particularly haggard. His eyes are still red from crying, his usually svelte face is puffy from the emotion he&apos;s poured out, and he is noticeably favoring his side where he was expertly wounded by a rapier. Twice. <br><br>He looks around remorsefully at the group and rests his gaze on the slumbering dragon. He tousles his jet black hair and sweeps his fabulous bangs from his eyes, buying time. He grimaces slightly at himself and begins, &quot;My friends,&quot; he says, his voice full of sadness and remorse, &quot;I&apos;m terribly sorry I attacked you.&quot; His eyes well with fresh tears as the harsh memories of his recent failures flash through the front of his mind once again. He winces, but continues, &quot;I suppose since you all have suffered at my hand you deserve an explanation for what happened back there.&quot; He fights the tears, tipping his head backwards to keep them from flowing down his cheeks and laughs at how ridiculous he must look. With a vast sniffle, he presses on, &quot;My family is somewhat unique among elves. I have 7 siblings, 3 brothers and 4 sisters but my parents are younger than Ellie. Of the 8, I am the youngest male but I do have two younger sisters. They are twins named Sia and Thia, although these are just their child names.&quot; As the sentences flow, Oi begins to relax and his emotions level out somewhat. &quot;Most of my family are druids, although a few are rangers, and as such, I am somewhat of a black sheep amongst my blood relatives. As my family would go off on hunts or whatever it is druids do at their meetings, I was left to care for the twins since I am a few decades older than they are. My family was gone quite a bit over the past couple of decades so I have practically raised them. Playing with them, cooking, teaching them, and keeping them out of trouble have pretty much been my life for the past 18 years. Along with my duties to my Order of course.&quot; <br><br>He sighs sadly and shakes his head in an attempt to prevent the haunting memory from returning. His voice hardens somewhat, &quot;I&apos;ll spare you the gory details. When we entered the room back there, that fiendish <em>thing, </em>beheaded Sia. The illusion was quite graphic and for some reason I was unable to determine that it was fake. Thia was screaming, apparently paralyzed with fear, and begging me for help, so I ran in and picked her up. Luckily I was able to dodge the swings of the executioner&apos;s blade and I got her to safety and laid her down in the hall, out of the fray. One of the perks of being a cleric, and a <em>life</em> cleric especially, is that my friends are rarely beyond saving if I am near enough. Sia&apos;s wound was traumatic to be sure but I&apos;ve seen worse things undone by some with my same powers. The only spell I know that would have worked to save her is called Revivify. That spell is the reason why Grace and I purchased the diamonds in town. Unfortunately, the spell consumes the diamonds but it is usually able to mend wounds and bring those who have recently passed on back to life if they are willing. Anyway, I attempted to pickpocket Grace for the diamonds but thankfully she caught me at it. As you all know she wouldn&apos;t give the diamonds, and rightfully so, I was trying to save an illusion, but I wasn&apos;t seeing straight and understandably I wasn&apos;t in control of myself at that point. I did the one thing I could think of that would give me a chance to get the diamonds before time ran out on Sia. I&apos;m happy that Illyrio&apos;s blows were able to knock some sense into me and also make me lose my concentration on my spirit guardians. Those flying little fey can be annoying sometimes! After Illyrio struck me I wasn&apos;t able to see Sia&apos;s body, or the pool of blood anymore, so I wanted to make sure that Thia was still safe out in the hall. Just as I was leaving, Ielenia came up and gave me a hug.&quot; At this point he turns to Ielenia and with sorrow says, &quot;I&apos;m sorry if I hurt your feelings Ielenia, I know that it wasn&apos;t easy for you to make physical contact. I want you to know that I appreciate the effort you made and that I feel terrible for not acknowledging your hug in the moment.&quot; He looks back around the circle and perservere, &quot;My family is a touchy subject; those twins especially.&quot; He shakes his head in woe, &quot;This place really knows our weaknesses and it played upon mine very well. I hope you can forgive me. I was overcome and not myself.&quot; He bows his head slightly and then retreats to where Ursi is seated, sits down near her, and stares at a nondescript point on the floor.

-Keith U., July 28

---

&quot;I...&quot; Ielenia mumbled, embarrassed at the attention suddenly placed on her. &quot;I don&apos;t <em>hate </em>physical contact. You woulda done the same.&quot;

-Rachel M., July 29

---

&quot;Gods, lying <em>must</em> be easy for you if you made up that Narth story. Even half of it. We were both shit-faced that night.&quot; Ellie said, shaking her head.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;And you thought I wouldn&apos;t understand why you lied in the first place? After all those talks we had? I thought you knew me better than that.&quot;<br><br>Ielenia&apos;s eyes met hers and she listened to her sister&apos;s demand with skepticism. She wondered if Grace would actually tell them her story or if it would just be another lie. Oi twirling Ursi distracted her and she saw Oi step into the middle of the circle. She looked back to Grace and shot her a look that said she wasn&apos;t getting off the hook so easy as she listened to her sister reply to Oi&apos;s heartfelt apology.<br>

-Nicole, July 29

---

&quot;Oh yeah, one more thing. I found a pile of treasure over there.&quot; He gestures vaguely to the darkened part of the room. &quot;It was hidden by an illusion, like everything else here, but when I touched the covering it melted away and revealed its secret. I&apos;m too tired to rummage through it tight now but feel free if you&apos;d like. It&apos;s under the big white sheet.&quot;<br><br>He leans toward Ielenia and addresses her quietly, &quot;I didn&apos;t mean to embarrass you. I know you don&apos;t <em>hate</em>&#xA0;physical contact silly but I do know you&apos;re a bit shy and it took effort to try to help.&quot; With a sheepish grin he finishes, &quot;It means a lot that you&apos;ll run across a raging battlefield to hug me.&quot;

-Keith U., July 29 (edited: July 29)

---

Grace looks over at Oi, speaking quietly.<br><br>&quot;For whatever it&apos;s worth, I think you&apos;re flogging yourself too hard. &#xA0;All are corruptible in the face of great enough magic. &#xA0;Frankly, I would be worried if you somehow weren&apos;t.<br><br>&quot;At any rate, you should be resting, not apologizing.&quot;

-Ben, July 29

---

Ellie nodded in agreement.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Oi, I have a little brother back in Afon, &#xA0;named Aran,&quot; she leaned into Ielenia, &quot;and a younger sister who you already know. If either of them were in danger, I would not hesitate for an instant to kill anyone I needed to in order to protect them.That was formidable magic you threw around and, contrary to your belief, your fey are not merely &apos;annoying&apos;. That you would go to such lengths to protect your family, against your party and an unknown enemy, is to be respected, not apologized for.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, July 30 (edited: July 30)

---

Ielenia fumbled around with her words, starting and stopping several sentences. Eventually, she settled on giving Oi a sheepish smile, hoping he would understand the sentiment behind it. <br><br>At the mention of treasure, Ielenia visibly perked up and scanned the corner of the room, looking for any wrinkle in the illusion. Finding none, she returned her attentions to the conversation at hand.&#xA0;Nodding her head in agreement with Ellie&apos;s bloodlust toward anyone who might harm her family, Ielenia found her courage before turning to Ursi. &quot;Thank you for waking up Ellie,&quot; she said. Taking a breath, she continued, &quot;I know now that your intentions with her are pure. If she&apos;ll have you, you might make a suitable partner.&quot;

-Rachel M., July 30

---

Ursinalia gets up gracefully from the spot Oi put her so dramatically. Her expression is very serious but tinged with red blushing as Ielenia mentions Ellie. She moves next to Ielenia and tentatively reaches to touch her hand. &quot;Thank you Ielenia, Your blessing means so much to me.&quot; She smiles at her and releases her hand.&#xA0;

-Amber  F., July 30

---

Oi grins mischievously while rolling his eyes and shaking his head in amusement. &quot;&apos;Bout time! Raise your hand if you saw that coming...&quot; He raises his hand. &quot;Ellie, you have my blessing as well, pure intentions or otherwise. Ursi can handle herself.&quot; He giggles playfully. With that he rises to check on the uncharacteristically quiet Roan, graciously requesting leave from the three female elves. &quot;Ielenia, would you like to check on Roan with me? He seems rather quiet over there...&quot;

-Keith U., July 30 (edited: July 30)

---

Grace looks about from one companion to the next, her eyes narrow with incertitude.<br><br>&quot;What the... was that some sort of... elf... ritual? &#xA0;Did you two just get married?&quot;

-Ben, July 30

---

Ursinalia realizing that everyone is paying attention to her feelings for Ellie suddenly goes bright red in the face as Oi and Ielenia turn to walk over to Roan. <br><br>Finding herself now awkwardly between Grace and Ellie she says hesitantly to Grace,&quot;Um no, it wasn&apos;t...we didn&apos;t...&quot; <br><br>Then addressing Ellie while playing with her hands clearly embarrassed, &quot; I&apos;m, um, sorry for Oi&apos;s cheekiness he can get excited sometimes...I hope you don&apos;t think i&apos;m being forward. I really don&apos;t mean to be pushy or, or um presumptuous. You&apos;re just...I mean...well anyways, Grace weren&apos;t you saying something about sailing?&quot; Ursinalia hopefully changes the subject resisting the urge to join Oi over by Roan.

-Amber  F., July 30

---

OI chuckles to himself as he saunters tiredly away, arms linked with Ielenia. &quot;What&apos;re old family friends for, my dear, if not for a little cheekiness and excitement?&quot; he intones playfully over his shoulder. &quot;Now don&apos;t go changing the subject on us all, things were just starting to get interesting.&quot;<br><br>After a few more steps, he calls impishly, &quot;Hey Gracie, I sense a <em>powerful </em>magical energy over here by the tail of the unconscious dragon. How about you come take a look at it with me after Ielenia and I get done checking on poor Roan, eh?&quot; He turns slightly to give Ursi a tender wink and the grin he knows she can&apos;t refuse before walking on. He knows she understands that he is only hoping she&apos;ll get over her slight embarrassment and take a shot. Besides, what&apos;s the point of being forever friends if you can&apos;t have a little fun every now and again at the other&apos;s expense?<br><br>He sweeps his bangs from his eyes and leans closely to Ielenia whispering lightheartedly, &quot;Are you a gambling woman? Shall we make a small wager on the outcome of the situation?&quot;

-Keith U., July 30

---

Grace motions to the Chains in her hands.<br><br>&quot;No, Oi, I&apos;m busy. &#xA0;This is too important.&quot;<br>

-Ben, July 30

---

&quot;Aw, pleeeeeeeeeeease?&quot; He pouts, &quot;You&apos;re way better at this wild magic stuff than I am. Besides, it doesn&apos;t look like you&apos;re too busy or it&apos;s tooooooooooo important if you&apos;re able to have a chat at the same time, right?&quot; His tone is happy and playful as he waltzes away with Ielenia toward Roan giving Ellie and Ursi the space they clearly need.&#xA0;

-Keith U., July 30

---

A blush slowly rose up Ellie&apos;s neck and spread across her face.<br><br>&quot;You&apos;re not being pushy at all, Ursi.&quot; Ellie said gently, hoping to ease some of the embarrassment of the situation.<br><br>&quot;Is this something you want to talk about here?&quot; Her eyes flicked around to the party before a smile tugged on the corners of her mouth. &quot;Or we could listen to Grace talk about fictitious sailing for a little while.&quot;

-Nicole, July 30

---

Ielenia is a bit confused as she allows herself dragged off by Oi. &quot;I still want to hear Grace explain herself!&quot; She called back, &quot;Let&apos;s talk about that!&quot; Seeing Ellie&apos;s face change hue, Ielenia turned around quickly, focusing on trying to locate the treasure through the illusion again. Feelings of abandonment and intrusion of privacy swirled around in Ielenia&apos;s gut. She was &#xA0;slightly disquieted by Ellie moving in directions where she could not follow. Aware that Oi was talking to her, Ielenia mumbled quietly, &quot;She&apos;s my sister. She wouldn&apos;t leave me, right? We were supposed to go home after this. I didn&apos;t expect everything to move so fast. I thought... Well, I was kind of hoping I was wrong. Maybe... Maybe I should tell Ursi I change my mind? I want Ellie to be happy, but Ellie... is also all I have left.&quot;

-Rachel M., July 30

---

At hearing Ielenia, Oi stops abruptly, his playfulness gone. He turns sweetly to Ielenia and places a finger under her chin, lifting her gaze to meet his own. &quot;My dear,&quot; he says compassionately once their eyes meet, &quot;one thing I can categorically attest to from having 7 siblings is that the bond of blood is eternal. <em>No </em>magic or weapon can <em>ever</em>&#xA0;change that affiliation.&quot; His brilliant green eyes blaze with genuine emotion. &quot;Did you not hear Ellie only a moment ago? She would <em>kill</em>&#xA0;for you and Aran. There is no need for you to fret and certainly no reason to believe she will ever abandon you.&quot; He warmly sweeps her copper hair out of her face and tucks it neatly behind her ear. He lays his hand lightly on her shoulder before withdrawing it to his own space. He takes a glance at Ursi a few feet away and his full lips betray the hint of a smile. &quot;I&apos;m confident Ellie and Ursi are wise enough to make a mature decision about whatever direction their relationship may take.&quot; He returns his gaze to Ielenia, &quot;No matter what happens though, Ursi will <em>never</em> be able to take your place in Ellie&apos;s heart.&quot; .<br><br>He feels in his pocket gingerly and draws out Ielenia&apos;s dagger. He smiles sheepishly and presents it to her gently. &quot;I&apos;ve been holding this for you since you dropped it after cutting Ellie&apos;s hair. I was going to wager you for it in jest to try to lighten your mood a bit. It&apos;s a big emotional step giving anyone permission to attempt intimacy with someone you love. I admit though that my wager idea it was a clumsy attempt at distraction.&quot; He relinquishes the dagger to her care. His smile fades somewhat as he looks back the few steps they&apos;ve travelled, &quot;I didn&apos;t mean to drag you away from everyone against your will and it seems my playfulness has made you a little uncomfortable. Would you prefer to go back and be regaled with stories of Grace&apos;s true travels?&quot; He asks tenderly.

-Keith U., July 30

---

Finally turning back to her normal skin tone. &quot;I think not here, not right now. Perhaps we can talk later when we aren&apos;t surrounded by a dragon and all of our friends ears.&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>Ursinalia turns her gaze back to Grace expectantly.&#xA0;<br>

-Amber  F., July 30

---

Ielenia stood silently to take everything in. Fears abated by Oi&apos;s words, she thanked him. Affectionately ruffling his hair she said, &quot;You are wise beyond your years little one,&quot; Placing her dagger back into its sheath on her leg, Ielenia looked seriously at Oi, gesturing to herself and the other elves in the room. &quot;Is this what it would have been like if I had grown up with more of our kind? If the city had still been standing? It&apos;s so.. warm.&quot; Chancing a look back at her sister, she said, &quot;We probably should at least make sure Roan is still breathing. He hasn&apos;t said much. Besides,&quot; Ielenia continued loudly, &quot;When Grace decides to come clean I know she&apos;ll speak loud enough for all of us to hear. Right Grace? I mean, just because Ursi and Ellie are talking doesn&apos;t mean you have to forget everything you were saying, right?&quot; Starting to walk towards Roan, Ielenia smiled mischievously in Oi&apos;s direction. &quot;If I remember correctly,&quot; Ielenia&apos;s grin widened, &quot;there&apos;s some treasure to be uncovered. And who knows? There might even be something in there to help Grace with the chains.&quot;

-Rachel M., July 30

---

Ellie breathed a sigh of relief.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;I would enjoy that.&quot;<br><br>With a standing promise of further discussion, she also turns to Grace. The moments following Oi&apos;s apology and the public discussion of Ursi&apos;s feelings for her had mitigated her hurt and anger, but there was still a hint of harshness in her tone.<br><br>&quot;Don&apos;t worry, Ielenia, we are finished with our conversation for the moment. So, Grace, do we warrant an explanation as to what you were actually doing instead of being a sailor?&quot;

-Nicole, July 30 (edited: July 30)

---

Oi prances over to Roan lithely and pokes him childishly in the forehead a couple times. *poke poke poke*<br><br> &quot;Hey big guy, you still breathing over here? You&apos;re awfully quiet...&quot;<br>

-Keith U., July 30

---

Grace&apos;s eyes scramble to keep up with the questions and questioning looks from all sides.<br><br>&quot;Yes!  Yes.  We were... getting there.  I didn&apos;t blow my own cover for nothing, okay?<br><br>&quot;None of it should really come as a surprise.  You might have wondered where I learned the trick with disguises; you might have wondered how I learned navigate the seedy underbellies of the cities we find ourselves in.  I <em>know</em> that conversation with Quel about poison caught a few of you by surprise... myself included.  You see, I was a career criminal.  I would lie, cheat, and steal my way to a few weeks of hot meals and then on to the next town.  Stealing was the best money.  But I always had a soft spot...&quot;<br><br>Grace flicks her wrist and draws a Queen of Spades seemingly out of her sleeve, holding it between her index and middle fingers.  Then, she moves her hand away and spreads her fingers, leaving the &quot;card&quot; suspended in midair for a moment before it vanishes.<br><br>&quot;... for cheating.  And I was always <em>best</em> at lying.  Always one more to fall back onto so I could keep my head attached to my shoulders.&quot;<br><br>She leans forward to look over at Roan and Oi poking him.  She&apos;s not totally sure, but she thinks he might be asleep.  She leans back.<br><br>&quot;I had no idea what the kid would make of it. &#xA0;Young, brash men with swords are... high-risk for people in dirty lines of work.  And Mhares.  Old men are formidable&#x2014;they&apos;ve seen dozens of cheats in their lives, and they&apos;re smart enough to fetch help when they catch you.  So I made up a story.  Hoped nobody would ask any questions.  And it worked.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m... I&apos;m sorry it took me so long to come out with it.  You all deserved better.&quot;<br><br>Grace lays the segment of the Chains on her lap and pauses, staring down at it. &#xA0;After a long moment, she looks up and continues.<br><br>&quot;Just so... everyone knows where we stand.  It was beginning to catch up to me in Afon a few months ago when we all met.  The lying, the running, the drinking.  I don&apos;t want to go back to it if I can help it.  You are not my marks.  You&apos;re my friends.  And all this... the travel, the strange locales, the stranger bedfellows, the constant danger, the <em>thrill</em>... I like it.<br><br>&quot;So, please, I&apos;m still Grace.  Or Tynfi, if you prefer. &#xA0;Anyway.  None of the life story I gave you before is true, but I&apos;m still the same witch you know and loathe. &#xA0;So... if you&apos;re curious about anything, I&apos;m an open book now.  I owe you that much... even if... even if it&apos;s a book I&apos;ve not read in years.&quot;

-Ben, July 30 (edited: July 31)

---

As Grace spilled her entire life for them, Ellie found herself capitvated by the tale. Her eyes widened when the card Grace was holding disappeared into nothing but air and she nodded in understanding at the mention of Roan and Mhares. When Grace finished her story, she leaned back, supporting herself on her hands.<br><br><div>&quot;You could have kept your charade going indefinitely and none if us would have been the wiser. Disappeared into the night, with our money in your pocket and a knife in our backs, but instead, you&apos;re sitting here trying to help us out of an impossible situation. Enjoying it, even.&quot;<br><br>She paused thoughtfully.&#xA0;&#xA0;&quot;You&apos;ve come a long way from the person you were when some of us first met. Since then, you&apos;ve made so many of your own choices not based on what others think you are but, rather, who you want to be. I think you will never have to go back to that life, if that is what you choose.&quot;<br><br><div>Smirking, she whispered, almost to herself,&#xA0;&quot;Definitely not fucking hopeless.&quot;<br><br></div><div>Leaning forward, Ellie watched Grace&apos;s hands closely, her eyes narrowed with concentration. &quot;So, is it only cards you cheat at or can you make any illusion that convincing? And did you... did you truly use that much poison?&quot;</div></div>

-Nicole, July 31 (edited: July 31)

---

Grace seems quite a bit relieved by Ellie&apos;s reaction. &#xA0;She allows herself a tiny smile.<br><br>&quot;Well, don&apos;t go attributing noble intentions to me, now. &#xA0;I may have given up on professional thieving, but that doesn&apos;t mean I&apos;m suddenly living a life of charity and virtue.<br><br>&quot;Illusions are tricky. &#xA0;They require you to be deliberate with your force of will but also delicate. &#xA0;I used to rehearse it. &#xA0;I got to the point where I could do coins, rolled-up parchment, pots, bar stools... almost anything that&apos;s fairly small and inanimate. &#xA0;I wanted to try to do movement. &#xA0;It&apos;d be useful to be able to weave an image of myself, a friend, or a distraction, living and breathing, on the other corner of the street. &#xA0;I... haven&apos;t gotten that far, though.<br><br>&quot;I stole from an alchemist once and ran some poison deliveries a few times&#x2014;they never want you to look in the satchels they hand you, but I did anyway&#x2014;but I never actually used any. &#xA0;The most I would ever need is to put a mark to sleep, and for that, whiskey and wine usually suffice. &#xA0;But I am aware of some of the basics. &#xA0;When you spend enough time in seedy places, you meet seedy people. &#xA0;When you meet seedy people, you meet the people who do <em>wet work</em>. &#xA0;You hear things about them. &#xA0;You hear things <em>from</em>&#xA0;them. &#xA0;I found that old urge bubbling up; I wanted to learn more.<br><br>&quot;Fortunately, I realized what was happening and was able to stop myself. &#xA0;Unfortunately, I did so with whiskey. &#xA0;As they say, now I have two problems.&quot;<br>

-Ben, July 31 (edited: August 01)

---

&quot;Ah, yes. The whiskey. You haven&apos;t had that in a bit though. By your choice, I might add.&quot; &#xA0;<br><br>Ellie tilted her head to the side.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;I&#xA0;think you should practice those illusions more often. &#xA0;It seems a shame to let that kind of talent go to waste, especially if it could benefit us later. Imagine the distractions you could create! Although, if you try to con me with any of those mirages, and I find out, we will have a problem.&quot; <br><br>Her smile softened the warning.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Your&#xA0;knowledge of poison could have been useful, too,&quot; Ellie absently rubbed the carvings of her bow. &quot;but I understand why you could not indulge in that particular... craft. Perhaps...&quot;&#xA0;She shook her head quickly. &quot;Nevermind.&quot;<br><div>Ellie&apos;s gaze slid to the closed eye of the unconscious beast Grace rested next to.&#xA0;<div><div><br>&#xA0;&quot;So have you figured anything out about those Chains yet? I&apos;m not particularly thrilled with you sitting so close to the dragon.&quot;<br><br></div></div></div>

-Nicole, August 01

---

Watching the sleeping giant get poked vigorously by the tiny elf brought an unwitting smile to Ielenia&apos;s face. &quot;I think you&apos;ve done your job Oi,&quot; she said, surprisingly lighthearted. Wandering closer to the dragon&apos;s head as Grace shared more of her life, Ielenia said, &quot;I agree with Ellie, Grace. You&apos;re no better or worse than the rest of us.&quot; Plopping down on the ground next to the chains at the dragon&apos;s feet, Ielenia waved at Ellie to ensure her sister that she was okay. &quot;I have a question for you. Well, two actually.&quot; Ielenia piped up, turning to look at Grace. &quot;First, what was your birth name? Second,&quot; Ielenia said, her expression so serious that it was almost comical, &quot;Do you think I could ride this dragon?&quot;

-Rachel M., August 01 (edited: August 01)

---

Grace&apos;s eyes twitch inquisitively as Ellie muses on the utility of poisons, but she lets it go with Ellie&apos;s &quot;nevermind.&quot;<br><br>&quot;You&apos;re... too kind. &#xA0;Both of you.&quot;<br><br>She looks down at the chains.<br><br>&quot;The magic is... I suppose the best way to put it is <em>densely woven</em>. &#xA0;It&apos;s powerful in a way that is intricate and cryptic, rather than merely overwhelming. &#xA0;I fear this may be difficult.&quot;<br><br>Grace looks back up at Ielenia.<br><br>&quot;I was hoping you wouldn&apos;t ask that one, but I can&apos;t back out now. &#xA0;I was born Sarithena, Daughter-of-Chryseis. &#xA0;Little Lady Sarithena... I really hate that name. &#xA0;Please don&apos;t ever use it.<br><br>&quot;As for the dragon... well, if she wakes up in the same mood we put her out in, I wouldn&apos;t recommend it. &#xA0;But if I can get these chains off... well, maybe you can ask her? &#xA0;I&apos;d pay good gold to see that.&quot;

-Ben, August 01 (edited: August 02)

---

&quot;Lady?&quot; Ielenia asked curiously. &quot;Were you royalty before you fell into the criminal underworld?&quot; As an afterthought, she added, &quot;It&apos;s okay if you don&apos;t like your birth name. Elves choose their own names once they reach adulthood. Why can&apos;t you do the same?&quot;<br><br>At the mention of actually being able to ride the dragon, Ielenia&apos;s&#xA0;&#xA0;eyes were alight with a fire most of her companions weren&apos;t accustomed to seeing. &quot;We must free this dragon,&quot; she stated forcefully. Crouching on the top of her shins, Ielenia stared intently at the chains, as though through sheer force of will she could make them collapse. &quot;Did you see any keyholes or places where the magic is weak?&quot; She asked Grace.

-Rachel M., August 02

---

&quot;Oh, Hell, no. &#xA0;<em>Nouveau riche</em>. &#xA0;My parents were jewelry merchants&#x2014;the only thing I didn&apos;t lie to you about&#x2014;and they wanted everyone to know we were wealthy. &#xA0;Their attempt to defy the accursed heritage, I suppose. &#xA0;I was to be polite, refined, always putting on airs... I&apos;m pleased to say it didn&apos;t stick. &#xA0;And I did indeed pick my own name when I came of age, didn&apos;t I? &#xA0;Not that it&apos;s... encouraged. &#xA0;My birth name is a western name, like the ones the humans on the shore here give their daughters. &#xA0;You&apos;re not supposed to abandon them like I did mine.<br><br>&quot;Maybe I should take an Elven name sometime? &#xA0;It&apos;d make introductions fun.&quot;

-Ben, August 02

---

&quot;Especially because you wouldn&apos;t know any Elvish after your own name!&quot; Ellie laughed but her mood sobered quickly.<br><br>&quot;You told us your parents were jewelry merchants but you also said they... died in a shipwreck. That part, and the whole Marki story, wasn&apos;t true as well, was it?&quot;

-Nicole, August 02

---

&quot;No. &#xA0;No shipwreck. &#xA0;No Marki. &#xA0;Well, yes, Marki, but nothing like the Marki I described. &#xA0;I promised to tell you everything, so I will, but... can we talk about that part later? &#xA0;All this talk about the dragon and the Chains is making me antsy.&quot;

-Ben, August 02