Grace watches Roan&apos;s retreat to the pitcher on the other end of the room, looking like she desperately wants to say something.  She says nothing.<br><br>As Roan begins to pour the mead, she lets her eyes drift to the window and its golden glow, half-listening for Illyrio&apos;s reply and to the other conversations around her.

-Ben, June 04

---

Ellie has to wonder if Roan&apos;s tolerance of alcohol is low because he rarely gets to drink any before he winds up wearing it. As she sat next to Ielenia, she noticed that the other half of the party had gone quiet, with Roan getting mead, Grace starting out the window and Illyrio sitting soundlessly. Quite the contrast from the current chatter between the elves in their party. <br><br>&quot;Not much else to tell, Oi. He had his own, ah, interests that will fare him well on his own. Quel may finally find whatever he was looking for in this town, but it will not be with us.&quot;<br><br>She turned to her sister and paused to admire the way the afternoon sun reflected off her copper hair. She tenderly brushed a piece of hair from Ielenia&apos;s shoulder. <br><br>&quot;I overheard parts of your conversation about Adran. I just wanted to make sure... are you alright? Although, I don&apos;t think I&apos;ve ever heard you laugh like that, so perhaps my worry is misplaced.&quot;<br><br>Ellie smiled warmly in Oi&apos;s direction before returning her full attention to Ielenia.<br>

-Nicole, June 04

---

After successfully pouring himself another glass of mead, which was mostly difficult because he was still subtly wiping away tears, he looked toward Illyrio to see if he had any interest in responding. After being satisfied that Illyrio has chosen to remain with his own thoughts, Roan decides to sit near Grace, careful to make sure his back is not to the rest of the party.<br><br>&quot;Did I answer your question appropriately, or is there more I can offer you?&quot;

-Carolyn M., June 04

---

Grace turns back to Roan and pauses before continuing.<br><br>&quot;... Well, you did avoid the bit where I asked if you ever ran afoul of the rules of your little cloister, if you were ever a bad little kid.  But of course you weren&apos;t.  You loved those old men and their monastery and their rules...  I never knew how much they meant to you.&quot;<br><br>She sighs and stops to pick over her next few words, continuing to look Roan in the eyes.<br><br>&quot;Don&apos;t take this wrong, kid.  I&apos;m impressed by your devotion, and you&apos;ve given me... a lot to think about.  But I&apos;m afraid I&apos;ll never understand it or you.&quot;

-Ben, June 04 (edited: June 04)

---

&quot;It wasn&apos;t so much that I didn&apos;t run afoul of their rules. It was more that there weren&apos;t any ways to break the rules. By the time I was 6, I was pretty much the only orphan they were taking care of. So I was constantly being supervised by no less than 3 priests. Given the opportunity, I would have very likely messed up, and still often did. Actually, the way I first met Oi was by trying to steal a glass of his mead before I could see over the tables in the dining hall.&quot; Roan chuckled to himself reminiscing on that encounter.<br><br>&quot;But usually I didn&apos;t have that option. Unlike someone who&apos;s lived a life like yours, I never was given the chance to fail and make the wrong decisions, or learn from them. Which is why my world tends to be black or white. But that&apos;s not how its really like, is it?&quot;

-Carolyn M., June 05

---

Ielenia smiled warmly as her sister pushed away her hair. &quot;I was trying to impersonate Rhawon.&quot; Her smile turning into more of a smirk, she added jokingly, &quot;However if it caused you concern, perhaps I didn&apos;t do a very good job.&quot; Snuggling into Ellie&apos;s side and leaning her head against her sister&apos;s shoulder, Ielenia sighed and took her mead in both hands. &quot;I&apos;m okay Ellie. I just...&quot; Ielenia gently moved her cup, watching the mead swirl around, &quot;I never want you to think less of me for how I was raised or for all the things I haven&apos;t learned yet. You&apos;re so bright and so at home on your own in the woods. In truth I still feel as naive as a child, not quite yet prepared to face the world. I&apos;m always afraid that these weaknesses will be your downfall, because I know you&apos;re sweet enough to want to take care of me. Though I&apos;ve tried, it seems I just wasn&apos;t meant to survive in this life alone.&quot;<br><br>Pausing to sip from her cup, Ielenia continued, &quot;But I also didn&apos;t intend to make you unhappy. I&apos;m sorry for not telling you more about Adran sooner.&quot; Planting a quick kiss on Ellie&apos;s cheek, Ielenia mumbled, &quot;Though I hope you forgive me.&quot; Still embarrassed with being open about her feelings for so long, Ielenia quickly turned her head into Ellie&apos;s neck for a moment&apos;s reprieve from the conversation. After a few breaths, she felt strong enough to rejoin the group, smilingly sheepishly as she turned her head back to the group. &quot;Maybe it&apos;s a good thing none of can read minds. With all of the members in this party I imagine we could drive anyone insane.&quot;

-Rachel M., June 05

---

Oi chuckles in fond remembrance of a much younger Roan trying to sneak mead but continues to listen intently to Ielenia.

-Keith U., June 05 (edited: June 05)

---

&quot;No, I should hope the world is far more colorful indeed.  After all, if you&apos;re so sure I&apos;m not the black-hearted witch I make myself out to be... well, I&apos;m certainly not Grace the White, blushing flower girl whose tenderness and elegance the bards will laud for eternity.&quot;

-Ben, June 05

---

Roan began choking on his mead. The mental image of &apos;Grace the White&apos; was too much to bear without laughing, which was not a good combination with drinking. He knew spewing the drink back into his cup would be a terrible idea, but at least it was better than drowning....

-Carolyn M., June 05

---

Ellie rested her hand on Ielenia&apos;s shoulder and stared intensely into her sister&apos;s green eyes. <br><br>&quot;I will <em>always</em> be by your side. No one has learned everything in the world, not even me.  I am at home in the woods out of necessity, but there is no reason you ever should have to try to survive by yourself while I am on this plane.&quot;<br><br>Relaxing a little, she continued, &quot;And there is nothing to forgive you for, Ielenia. I did not push you to talk about it out of respect. Death is not an easy thing to discuss and you will talk to me when you are ready. You are my family, my sister. I will always be here for you, as long as you want me to be.&quot; She planted a kiss on her forehead and leaned back. Suddenly, she sat straight up.<br><br>&quot;Roan!&quot; Ellie shouted with alarm as she saw him choking on the mead, &quot;No dying, remember?&quot;<br><br>&quot;I knew I should have made you all swear to it...&quot; she muttered as she leaned against her sister, pleased to have her near to her again.

-Nicole, June 06

---

Illyrio had responded to Roan and Grace&apos;s brief curiosity about his rare silence with a brief grin and a clipped &quot;Yup.&quot; They&apos;d barely even noticed; they were back to bonding adorably with each other. There was so much else going on in the room, so much juicy info flying around, with everyone engaged in each other&apos;s fascinating pasts and - <em>awwwwww</em> - futures, that it was both easy and advisable to be the smallest, least noticeable thing in the room. Plus it&apos;s especially easy to dodge this truthiness spell when the few entreaties directed your way aren&apos;t even questions but statements. &quot;Yup yup yup,&quot; he muttered as Roan guffawed out a stream of mead. 

-Charles G., June 06

---

&quot;Ellie..&quot; Ielenia smiled warmly and enthusiastically wrapped her arms around Ellie&apos;s waist, puling her sister in for a hug and cuddling as closely to her as she possibly could. &quot;You really are wonderful.&quot; Not knowing any other words that could accurately convey the respect and adoration she had for her sister, Ielenia fell into a comfortable silence, basking in Ellie&apos;s love and warmth. Right now, everything seemed right in Ielenia&apos;s world. She was surrounded by people (or at least one person) who cared for her, and she couldn&apos;t remember the last time she had been so at peace with her surroundings. Ielenia let herself begin to day dream about the day when she would meet the rest of her family, about her companions trying to teach little Aran to fight, about having a home.<br><br>Her gentle reverie was broken by Roan choking on his mead. Raising her eyebrows questioningly at Grace while Ellie resettled herself, she turned her attentions toward Illyrio, who seemed to be muttering absentmindedly to himself. Directing her question towards the other group as a whole, she inquired, &quot;Dare I ask?&quot;

-Rachel M., June 06

---

As soon as she is assured that Roan is not about to die, Grace turns to Ielenia and replaces her smile with a comically intense expression of intrigue.<br><br>&quot;I don&apos;t know.  <em>Dare you?</em>&quot;

-Ben, June 06

---

Oi gets up, walks to the table where Grace&apos;s cup of mead still remains, grabs it, walks to Roan, kindly takes Roan&apos;s defiled mead glass and replaces it with Grace&apos;s previously untouched mead. He nods kindly to Roan, returns the destoryed cup of mead to the table, and retreats to his seat with the elf girls, shaking his head all the while.

-Keith U., June 07

---

&quot;Well, that destroyed the rest of my dignity and concentration. I&apos;ll be going to bed now. I hope the rest of you have a nice night!&quot;<br>

-Carolyn M., June 07