Grace pushes a bedstand aside to give herself a spot to sit at the edge of the bed, and then she lays out the map across its center.<br><br>&quot;Here. &#xA0;Our haul.&quot;<br><br>The symbols on the parchment are dense and cryptic.  Just about the only thing that can be agreed upon is that they do, indeed, constitute a map, and Lester Gil owned the hands that inked them.<br><br>&quot;Possible death cultist&#x2014;the heretical kind, not the orthodox kind, mind you&#x2014;conspires with commander and aspiring conqueror. &#xA0;Halflings surveil them, but their man vanishes, leaving this buried. &#xA0;A cat, a Seeker, and a thief dig it up, and they bring it to their merry band of misfit friends.&quot;<br><br>Grace rubs her forehead.<br><br>&quot;Sorry. &#xA0;I&apos;m just irritated that we cocked up the job. &#xA0;I&apos;ll get over it&#x2014;it&apos;s unlikely he gathered enough about us to make this really come back to bite us. &#xA0;Still, though. &#xA0;I&apos;m <em>supposed</em>&#xA0;to be good at this kind of thing.<br><br>&quot;... Anyway. &#xA0;See this? &#xA0;It looks a bit like a... like a... bird? &#xA0;Whoever he was tracking <em>ran</em>&#xA0;from there... that... column? &#xA0;You know, <em>bird</em>, like&#xA0;<em>flight</em>, like <em>fleeing</em>. &#xA0;And I guess the column could be a temple. &#xA0;Or...&quot;<br><br>She rotates the map.<br><br>&quot;... a bridge, maybe. &#xA0;Fucking Hell.&quot;

-Ben, August 16 (edited: August 16)

---

Oi hops on the bed playfully and scowls at the map for a moment. Seeing nothing of interest he looks up to the group, &quot;So let&apos;s recap: a severely wounded guy who was tailing some pretty bad folks just dug a hole in the middle of the villas district, dropped this in it, and then vanishes with only a trace of dried blood on the ground where he toiled?&quot; He rubs his temples, trying to get the creative thinking juice flowing. It doesn&apos;t work.<br><br>&quot;I don&apos;t understand it, nor do I see a bird, or a column, or anything recognizable. Sorry Grace.&quot; He sighs, &quot;I&apos;ve seen children draw more coherent things&quot;&#xA0;he scoffs quietly. His green eyes pop open in a sudden surge of realization, &quot;Hey,&#xA0;maybe that is the point! Maybe this is all code for something like a secret language!&quot; He excitedly leans over the map again, turning his head this way and that over it, trying to obtain a frame of reference that makes sense. He points to a strange flowing curvaceous line, &quot;What&apos;s this thing here? Looks like a long scribble but could it be a path, or a cliff, or a wall? Or what about a <em>really</em>&#xA0;poorly written word, like in dwarvish or something? Anybody know any foreign languages?!?&quot; He carefully gets off the bed and sits down on the floor across the room to give the rest of the group room to see the map and hopefully be more helpful than himself. He nibbles cheese and bean sprouts quietly waiting for the others&apos; opinions.

-Keith U., August 17

---

Ielenia stared intently at the map. Every comment her friends made resulted in her eyes squinting a little harder, as if she could force the map to reveal its secrets through sheer force of will alone. Crossing and uncrossing her arms as she bored holes into the map, eventually she groaned and started to rub the headache out of her temples. Covering her face with her hands, she sighed and slowly let her hands fall down her face. For the moment, the mysteries of the map eluded her. &quot;Besides elvish?&quot; Ielenia asked Oi. &quot;I was able to pick up some thieves cant while I was searching for my father along the outskirts of the human cities.&quot; Turning to walk away from the map, Ielenia abruptly turned on her heel and ran back to the bed with a sudden burst of what she hoped was intuition.<br><br>&quot;That&apos;s it!&quot; She cried excitedly. &quot;This guy was a <em>thief!</em>&#xA0;He was stealing information!&quot; Placing her palms down on the edge of the bed, she poured over the map once more. &quot;The beauty of thieves cant,&quot; she began, drawing a circle with one hand above the map, &quot;Is that it hides in plain sight. To a normal passerby, the conversation seems like nothing out of the ordinary. But if you know what you&apos;re looking for...&quot; She trailed off, tapping the map at its center, &quot;Everything will become clear. Whether this is a map or a list tracking shipments, it has to serve some purpose. It&apos;s some reminder for the thief. And no good thief would let just anybody find where he was hiding his treasure. These symbols,&quot; Ielenia points randomly at various symbols on the map, &quot;were made by the same guy who wrote the list tracking the commander, right? So they&apos;re going to be unique to him. Oi was right, it might be a code. We should see if any symbols from the map coincide with the symbols on the list we found earlier. Or maybe..&quot; Ielenia stood up, tapping her chin with her forefinger, &quot;The symbols are meaningless. Have you guys tried holding up the map to candlelight? Or bringing it outside to be read in the moonlight? There might be some other ink on this paper.&quot;<br><br>Plopping down on the bed opposite Grace, she crossed her legs and looked up at the Tiefling. &quot;If all else fails, one of the halflings probably has a way to crack the code. There&apos;s no way somebody would be sent out to gather information if there wasn&apos;t a way to read it later.&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., August 17 (edited: August 17)

---

Ellie&apos;s eyes lit up when she heard Ielenia talk about the thieves cant but her excitement faded when she realized her sister was just as unsure as Tynfi and Oi.<br><br>&quot;The other ink is not a bad idea.&quot;<br><br>She set her drink down on the bedstand Tynfi had moved and stood over the map.<br><br>&quot;I know six languages,&quot; she said absently as she surveyed the markings, &quot;but I&apos;m not sure what you would define as foreign.&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>She pointed to a sharply angled line that connected to another sharp line and a small box.<br><br>&quot;This could be Dwarven.&#xA0;Maybe...&#xA0;<em>Ultok</em>?&quot; She leaned over close to the bed, squinted at the parchment and brushed dirt off the map. <br><br>&quot;Or not.&quot;<br><br>Ellie grabbed her drink from the table and stood close to Ielenia, still staring at the map designs.<br><br>&quot;Is it torn? Maybe there was another piece buried that you missed.&quot;

-Nicole, August 17

---

&quot;Oi, you&apos;re right about the circumstances... they don&apos;t make complete sense to me, either.  Our friend Lester lost a lot of blood at his little house on third street. Was he cut open by that... <em>plant</em>... and bandaged up to come out to the villas to... bury a map? &#xA0;Or did he take that wound trying to finish burying it, and then make it worse limping off back to his home? &#xA0;Or maybe some of that blood wasn&apos;t his at all?&quot;<br><br>Grace runs her fingers across the parchment. &#xA0;She makes eye contact with Ielenia.<br><br>&quot;It doesn&apos;t have the <em>feel</em>&#xA0;of something magical, but we should try those tricks with it. &#xA0;Candlelight, moonlight, sunlight... a little dab of blood... although I don&apos;t care to wait around for a full moon before we take this to Halfton. &#xA0;As much as I might greatly enjoy cracking their code and getting one step ahead of our <em>dear friend </em>Fastolph...&quot;<br><br>Grace&apos;s eyes drop back to the map.<br><br>&quot;... Star seemed concerned about this cultist. &#xA0;Concerned enough to ask someone like <em>me</em>&#xA0;to do something about it. &#xA0;This is too dangerous to waste more than a few hours stroking my bruised ego.&quot;

-Ben, August 18

---

&quot;In any case,&quot; Ielenia said, leaning onto Ellie, &quot;we can&apos;t get into Halfton until morning, right?&quot; Her face suddenly darkened. Quietly and sternly, Ielenia asked, &quot;How do we know the halflings and the cult aren&apos;t working together? They might have struck up a deal to gain their freedom if they help the cult reach some terrible goal. Maybe the commander was going to figure out their plan, and there was a scuffle in the apartment.&quot;

-Rachel M., August 18

---

&quot;Well, I&apos;m sure you and I can get into wherever we damn well <em>want</em>&#xA0;to get into. &#xA0;But yes, your point is well taken. &#xA0;We ought to have the night with this puzzle... unless things get particularly&#xA0;urgent.&quot;<br><br>Grace leans over to reach into her pack and retrieve a quill and a spent scroll, and she grabs a tiny bottle of ink from the pouch that hangs at her hip. &#xA0;She spreads the scroll out, face-down, beside the map, and she begins to copy the indecipherable symbols to the back side of the scroll.<br><br>&quot;I suppose we don&apos;t know for sure there&apos;s no back-dealing here. &#xA0;For what it&apos;s worth, I think Fastolph is all bark and no bite. &#xA0;If he&apos;s working with the cult, what&apos;s happening here is that he sold Lester out and is <em>trying</em>&#xA0;to sell us out, and I doubt he has the balls for a stunt like that. &#xA0;But if he does... we need to keep our eyes open. &#xA0;If we take this map to him, we need to be able to verify the information he gets out of it. &#xA0;And when we go back out to do his dirty work... well, I have instincts for when something is going wrong. &#xA0;I bet you do too. &#xA0;We just need to listen to them.&quot;<br>

-Ben, August 18 (edited: August 18)

---

Roan kept to the corner of the room, listening to the others speak. He couldn&apos;t help but feel bad about making them when they followed the commander. He really needs to work on moving in plate armor better. But even more so, codes and riddles are not his thing...<br><br>&quot;It&apos;s definitely not Draconic, so you can rule that out. I&apos;m probably not any more useful in this matter. But I doubt Fastolph or any of the other halflings joined up with the cult. Like you were saying about instincts Grace, when I talked with the people at the temple, including the ones who turned out to be cultists, I just kept getting a bad feeling. Like a strange taste in my mouth whenever I repeated what they were saying. It never sat right with me. But everything the halflings have done, or said, only feels of desperation. A desperate people searching for salvation in any form they can find it. Not something terribly sinister. So maybe we could be a little more careful when they send us on our next mission, but I don&apos;t think we should deeply probe their motives.&quot;<br><br>Roan glances over Ellie&apos;s shoulder at the map. While it definitely looked like the writing they found in Lester&apos;s home, he couldn&apos;t make anything out of the random patterns and scribbles.<br><br>&quot;Perhaps Oi is going about this the easier way. How could the map have been buried? And if Lester was injured, and by his own protective measures no less, why was he going out for more information in such a state? Do you think the blood in the house might have belonged to someone else? And could that person have taken another clue from the desk before we arrived?&quot;

-Carolyn M., August 18

---

Grace continues to glance from the map back to her copy, working carefully with her quill.<br><br>&quot;Alright, let&apos;s go down that path.  Why bury a map?  To bury a map is to hide it from someone, but to make sure someone else can find it.  Otherwise you&apos;d burn it.  A map&#x2014;unlike a body&#x2014;burns easily and discreetly and leaves no trace.  And you don&apos;t bury something if you can simply hand it to the person you want to find it.  This describes Lester&apos;s situation exactly... if he knew that his game was up.  He needed to be rid of that map; if it was discovered with him, his adversaries would either destroy the map or alter their plans somehow to render it useless.  But why couldn&apos;t he hand it off to the Halflings...?&quot;<br><br>The quill stops.<br><br>&quot;For the same reason we found the map in the Villas.  Lester had just finished listening in on that conversation at the Commander&apos;s estate, it was three bells past midnight, and Halfton was closed.  He knew he wouldn&apos;t live to see the morning.  He ditched the map as soon as he could, hoping someone friendly would find it, went home, and waited for them to come for him.&quot;<br><br>Grace looks up at Roan.<br><br>&quot;Damn.  Lester was committed.&quot;<br>

-Ben, August 19

---

Nodding in agreement, Ielenia motioned for Ellie to join her on the bed. &quot;That would explain why Lester never made it to his appointment at the bar. But why go home and wait for death? If there was an opportunity to burry the map surely there was a chance to run and hide. Besides, why would you lead them to where your other secrets are being kept? Unless... Unless he needed to hide something else from his apartment or on his person?&quot; <br><br>Watching Grace&apos;s hand flutter lightly over the parchment, Ielenia jerked her head in Roan&apos;s direction. &quot;I think the kid&apos;s onto something. There&apos;s probably a good possibility that the blood we found in the apartment wasn&apos;t just Lester&apos;s. He was likely shot right after he finished burying the map. If he knew he wasn&apos;t going to live to see the morning, somebody had to be following him.&quot; Ielenia sighed, letting loose the tension of the day. &quot;I just hope he managed to nail the bastard before he went.&quot;

-Rachel M., August 20

---

Cat stepped through the door and jumped up onto the bed and settle onto a pillow in order to be the highest and be able to see the whole map everyone was gaping at. Cat pawed slightly at the corner of the paper as Grace pulled out a quill and began to copy some writings. It took only a moment before Cat got bored and began to settle in for a little nap while the rest of the group figured everything out. It wasn&apos;t until Cat was almost asleep that Ursinalia chimed in. <em>Get up and help them with this! </em>&#xA0;At that Cat strolled out of the room walking right through Grace&apos;s drawing as she left.&#xA0;<br><br>It took Ursinalia longer to shake off her very different view of the evening than it normally did. The last few days had been almost as much a whirlwind as the time in Protisvitaly. Ursinalia was spending more time in her shapes around the group in an attempt not to draw attention to her an Ellie. They still had important tasks to complete, only sometimes the beasts were more distracting than anything. Ursinalia shook her head clear of Cats apathy and joined the rest of the group near the bed. She laid a hand on the small of Ellie&apos;s back and looked over her should at the papers on the bed.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Perhaps we were meant to find this? Could it be some sort of trick or a trap? How well do we know Star anyways? It doesn&apos;t make sense that Lester would bury the map then go home to die, and from the amount of blood it doesn&apos;t seem he could have done it in any different order. Or perhaps Lester wasn&apos;t the one who buried it? Maybe Lester was attacked in his home and while he lost, but the amount of blood it looks as if he fought back, valiantly I&apos;s say from how it was spattered everywhere. Maybe he wounded his attacker who then stole the map and buried it. But why would he bury it? and why in the villas?&quot;&#xA0;

-Amber  F., August 20

---

Grace puts down her quill for a moment to focus.<br><br>&quot;Let&apos;s put it all together... here&apos;s how I think it happened. &#xA0;Lester knew the Commander was to meet this mysterious Afonite at his estate at this unholy hour in the morning, and he wanted to listen in, so he did.  He took notes.&quot;  Grace gestures to the map.  &quot;But he lingered too long.  Someone saw him... and remember, Lester was a mole, right?  Lester knew the Commander and the people who surround him... and the people who surround the Commander knew Lester.  Someone recognized him eavesdropping.  They fought.  Crossbows?  Daggers?  Fists?  Whatever it was, Lester got away, but not before taking a few cuts and scrapes.<br><br>&quot;But it wasn&apos;t the cuts and scrapes that mattered.  What mattered is that he&apos;d been seen.  It&apos;d only be a matter of minutes before the Commander would hear about this, and the Commander would make sure that every damn soldier, guard, and cadet in this city knew Lester&apos;s face, height, weight, rank, street address, and favorite breakfast food before the sun rose.<br><br>&quot;Lester knew his doom.  He buried his notes to make sure someone friendly could find them, bleeding from one of those fresh, inconsequential cuts. When he was done, there was nowhere for him to run.  Maybe he wanted to make his last stand in his home.  Maybe he wanted to try to burn or hide the rest of his notes.  Either way, he got there, and soon, he was found.  A lot of blood was spilled.  Lester, dead or alive, was carried off.  A few days later, we picked up the trail.&quot;<br><br>Grace pauses to get another glance down at the map before looking back up at Ursi.<br><br>&quot;I met Star in Afon a few weeks before I met Ellie, Ielenia, Roan, and Illyrio.  I don&apos;t know much more about him than you do, but&#x2014;as stupid as this is going to sound&#x2014;he can be trusted.  It&apos;s like he&apos;s a... bounty hunter, or something, but he doesn&apos;t care about the money.  And he has this air about him, like he thinks that every tiny thing he pays attention to is the most important thing in the whole damned world.  And that stupid, unimpeachable self-righteousness.&quot;<br><br>She sighs.<br><br>&quot;Anyway, I asked him what he Hell his deal was, and instead of lying to me he just told me he wasn&apos;t going to be sharing that. &#xA0;I figure... if he were a threat to us he would&apos;ve tried harder than <em>that</em>&#xA0;to get me to trust him. &#xA0;No, the irony is not lost on me.&quot;<br>

-Ben, August 21 (edited: August 22)

---

&quot;It makes sense,&quot; Ielenia said, placing her hands on her knees and twisting downward to stretch out her back. &quot;But if there was a chance for me to live I still would have left town. This guy&apos;s crazy.&quot;

-Rachel M., August 21

---

&quot;I&apos;m not Star&apos;s biggest fan. But I think he&apos;s not one to go killing someone who he doesn&apos;t need to. Or who deserves it. I don&apos;t think he had anything to do with Lester&apos;s disappearance. But he might know who could. Especially if the person from Afon in involved in the cult. Which would also mean this cult infiltrates much higher up the ranks of Thrask&apos;s army that we were previously led to believe.&quot;<br><br>Roan sits down in the corner with a loud clatter emanating from his armor. He definitely needs to work on this stealth thing. And perhaps controlling how much he blushes.<br><br>&quot;Are all of you sure you can&apos;t derive any information from this map or list of notes? None of you are trained to read or write in code?<br>

-Carolyn M., August 21

---

Grace shakes her head regretfully and returns to copying.<br><br>&quot;Not likely. &#xA0;At first I thought it was just shorthand&#x2014;this bird for flight; this cross for a vulnerable road or river crossing, this squiggle for &apos;good streets for shaking a tail&apos; or the like&#x2014;but I&apos;m beginning to think it really is a code. &#xA0;&apos;Bird&apos; could just as easily mean &apos;loose sewer grate&apos; as &apos;home of the High Priest&apos; as &apos;actual bird&apos; here, and we have no way of knowing.<br><br>&quot;So we might as well kick back for the night. &#xA0;I&apos;ll be here finishing this. &#xA0;You all have your own rooms, right? &#xA0;I definitely don&apos;t mind the company for now, but you know I don&apos;t share beds.&quot;

-Ben, August 23

---

Ellie shifted her weight toward Ursinalia, and turned her head to watch Roan as he clanged over to the corner. She leaned against her for a pause and then motioned to Ielenia to move over a bit.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Of course we do, Grace-lace, but there&apos;s no harm in sharing your bed for a little.&quot; She made an exaggerated motion of plopping on the bed next to her sister. Handing Ielenia her drink, she said, &quot;Tea. It will help the soreness.&quot;<br><br>She pulled a pillow from behind her and threw it in Roan&apos;s direction with a smile before reaching over to massage Ielenia&apos;s back.<br><br>&quot;So, no way to break the code and the man who wrote it is... Are we going to just presume that Lester is dead? If not, are we really planning on leaving him with his captors? Maybe Cat could trail the blood to wherever they are holding him. Although, I&apos;m not sure what we would do once we found him if he was still alive. If the entire guard was after him, I don&apos;t think I would want that notoriety transferred to us. If the halflings don&apos;t pan out, and I&apos;m not entirely sure I&apos;m on the same house-wagon as the rest of you regarding them, then Star seems like he could be the most helpful. Especially since he seems so interested in a certain tiefling.&quot;<br><br>Ellie looked back to Grace, studying her for an almost uncomfortably long moment. &quot;Is that why you were so nervous after you saw Star in the Temple of Thania? You knew him from Afon?&quot;

-Nicole, August 24 (edited: August 25)

---

&quot;I&apos;m sure our adversaries wanted Lester alive, and I&apos;m sure he wanted anything <em>but</em>. &#xA0;We don&apos;t know. &#xA0;If we find him alive, though... I can&apos;t stand to see a man rot in a cage. &#xA0;Doesn&apos;t sit right with me. &#xA0;If it comes up... I&apos;d like to break him out.<br><br>&quot;As for Star, you say I was&#xA0;nervous. &#xA0;I prefer <em>angry</em>... but, to be honest, you&apos;re not wrong. &#xA0;I did... something bad in Afon. &#xA0;<em>Real</em>&#xA0;bad, even for me. &#xA0;I tried to hide, but he found me and showed up to collect my bounty. &#xA0;I assume that&apos;s what he was planning to do, at least. &#xA0;But you know what happened instead? &#xA0;He tried to get me to talk. &#xA0;And when I wouldn&apos;t, it didn&apos;t seem to matter... he told me that he could see that I had already begun to atone. &#xA0;And that his God commanded him to stay his hand.&quot;<br><br>Grace sighs, grits her teeth, and keeps copying.<br><br>&quot;I thought it was a bunch of horseshit&#xA0;<a href="http://themidnightoil.net/blog/post/61" rel="nofollow">at the time</a>*. &#xA0;But it all happened months ago, and I&apos;ve had a lot of time to think about it and some friends to help convince me to see his side. &#xA0;Still, I can&apos;t tell which part I hate more... that he just let me off the hook like that, or that the smug bastard could be&#xA0;<em>right</em>&#xA0;about redemption.&quot;<br><br>[*Editor&apos;s note: Grace isn&apos;t telling this entire story in-character; I&apos;m just sharing because I already had it written, and I like sharing.]

-Ben, August 25 (edited: August 26)

---

Roan struggled catching the pillow in time, having been caught off-guard by Ellie&apos;s swift movements. But he managed to settle into the corner in a relatively comfortable position before Grace began her story. Entranced as usual with his companion&apos;s life stories, he tried organizing a timeline of events.<br><br>&quot;Wait, Star was in Afon not too long before we were. Then how did he manage to get so high ranking among this Inquisition in such a short time? That usually takes years. Unless he came from the following of Thania, and she was the god, or goddess, in which he referred. Then he could really be as connected as he claims to be. But that then raises the question &apos;Why would he travel to Afon?&apos; Unless he had been tracking you for a long time, and you had been on the run for longer, you weren&apos;t his initial business in my country.&quot;<br><br>Roan aggressively massages his forehead and the bridge of his nose.<br><br>&quot;This man leaves more questions than he answers. And I am beginning to tire my brain beyond it&apos;s reasoning capabilities.&quot;

-Carolyn M., August 25

---

Ellie listened to Grace&apos;s vague recount of her first meeting with Star with immense curiosity. Both the inflection on the word &apos;right&apos; and the use of the word &apos;friends&apos; made her smile.<br><br>&quot;Star seems to be a good judge of character or, according to him, the god he serves is. If what you did is as terrible as you say, and that&apos;s yet another story I will trade to hear, your bounty must have been substantial. He chose faith over justice, at the possible command of the Lady of Death. I was not pleased after the first time you mentioned him leaving the temple but this story changes my view a little. I find his choice... intriguing.&quot;<br><br>&quot;His initial business in Afon could have been anything - the cult gaining power, Tynfi&apos;s bounty, a trip south for the summer harvests. Does Gwyn know him, Roan? Maybe the righteous bounty-hunting inquistor was traveling to see friends, family, contacts and then headed back here to continue his investigation? Follow new leads? I don&apos;t mean to tire you anymore than you are. Questions, indeed.&quot;<br><br>Ellie took a second to look questioningly at Ursinalia and then inclined her head at the space next to her on the bed. She turned back to the glyphs covering the map, and now the scroll, watching the ink flow from the quill.<div><br>&quot;I hope this map, or whatever it is, doesn&apos;t turn out to be a trap. One man may have already been killed because of it. Or wishing he had been.&quot; She shook her head as if to rid herself of the thought. <br><br>&quot;Grace, I&apos;m not a scribe but would you like me to help with copying that?&quot;</div>

-Nicole, August 25 (edited: August 25)

---

Oi continues to observe the others from his seat on the floor across the room. He munches contently on kale and chard listening idly to everyone else&apos;s theories on the map. Firmly convinced that no one really has any idea about the meaning of the markings or the whereabouts of Lester Gill, he decides to amuse himself by watching Ellie and Ursi. Something seems a bit different between them. The touch Ursi applied to Ellie&apos;s lower back was incredibly personal and Ellie didn&apos;t seem to mind. &quot;I wonder what happened while Ielenia, Grace, and I were off in town...&quot; he mused under his breath between crunchy bites of delicious greenery.<br><br>Grace&apos;s recount of the bounty hunter named Star, the light touch on her dreadful past,&#xA0;and Star&apos;s clemency interested him very much. How could she be so against &quot;religious&quot; folk if this other cleric had been so lenient to her? More importantly why was she <em>dancing</em>&#xA0;with him? He wasn&apos;t sure, but he didn&apos;t recall Tieflings liking to dance all that much and he was damn sure that she disliked being touched. &quot;Curiouser and curiouser&quot; he hummed sweetly amid mouthfuls of granola and honeyed oats. One thing was for certain, Grace, to put it kindly played things <em>very</em>&#xA0;close to the chest. So far the group, himself included, had largely avoided any harm from her tactics but her truthfulness, or lack thereof,&#xA0;was certainly something to be mindful, if not worried, about in future dealings with her.&#xA0;<br><br>After seeing Ellie&apos;s slight head movement Oi&apos;s eyes widened a bit in a sudden realization of what <em>may</em>&#xA0;have transpired in his absence,&#xA0;&quot;Uuuuuuuuuursi, my dear,&quot; he says teasingly with a wicked smile and a raised eyebrow, &quot;isn&apos;t there something you wanted to inform your <em>best</em>&#xA0;friend?&quot; He playfully throws oats at her and eyes her, finishing his statement with a knowing little toss of his hair. &quot;Hmmmmmmm?&quot;&#xA0;<br>

-Keith U., August 25

---

Grace seems amused by Roan&apos;s frustration and Ellie&apos;s musing.<br><br>&quot;See? &#xA0;I feel the same way. &#xA0;I thought he was a bounty hunter or some kind of strange vigilante, and I was more and more sure every day that I&apos;d never run into him again. &#xA0;Imagine my surprise when I saw him walk up to us wearing those priestly vestments in the Temple of Thania here. &#xA0;All while I was busy trying to pretend to be sweet sister Melody showing you around. &#xA0;You know, if he <em>is</em>&#xA0;a man of such faith and honor, maybe he&apos;d answer some of these questions for <em>you</em>, kid? &#xA0;Worth a shot, at least.&quot;<br><br>She gives Ellie a nod.<br><br>&quot;Idle hands are the Devils&apos; tools, of course. &#xA0;I&apos;m almost done, but if you have another quill you can copy that corner of the map over there without us getting in each other&apos;s ways.&quot;

-Ben, August 26 (edited: August 27)

---

&quot;Gwyn never mentioned him to me, but I wasn&apos;t in the inner circle of Seekers. Or at least not the ones who were really important.&quot;<br><br>Roan begins to nod off, listening to the comfortable sound of his companions debating.<br><br>&quot;And maybe he&apos;ll talk theology with me; maybe he won&apos;t.&quot; Roan yawns before continuing. &quot;Depends on whether or not he thinks I&apos;m worth sharing the information with. Or what god he truly follows...&quot;

-Carolyn M., August 27

---

Ellie flushed at Oi&apos;s wheedling but her face was hidden by her dark hair as she searched for a quill in her backpack. Once her coloring returned to normal, she pushed her hair from her face. She pulled the book containing pressed flowers from her bag and removed a well-used quill from the leather bound pages. Careful to not disturb Grace&apos;s portion of the map, she dipped the quill in the ink pot and copied the indecipherable markings exactly as the map showed them. <br><br>&quot;It appears you might have a guest for the evening if we stay much longer.&quot;<br><br>Ellie&apos;s voice was soft as as she spoke to Grace, nodding in Roan&apos;s direction. She continued copying the ink to the scroll when she suddenly leaned back and placed her hands on her knees.<br><br>&quot;Was Star the person you met in Afon? A while ago... you said you met someone who was a gentle soul. I&apos;m not sure, but I thought I would ask. I&apos;m glad we were not the only ones who believed in your ability to make choices, either good or right. And that you are finally beginning to see a different side of yourself- one that is not necessarily condemned.&quot;<br><br>She ran the feather of the quill through her fingers, thinking. She leaned forward again and continued sketching.<br><br>&quot;Would you tell us the story in its entirety? Someday? It doesn&apos;t have to be tonight if you aren&apos;t ready to, but I would like to hear it. I have plenty of stories to trade, if that&apos;s your currency.&quot;<br><br>She looked up quickly with a smile before bowing her head back to the paper to finish her writing.<br>

-Nicole, August 28

---

Grace is working on some of the last few symbols near Ellie&apos;s area, looking like she&apos;s about to quip on Roan&apos;s flagging, when she looks up.<br><br>&quot;Oh, <em>Gods</em>, had I been drinking? &#xA0;Fine. &#xA0;Yes. &#xA0;He could be described as a gentle soul&#x2014;the man who would spare a criminal the unhappy death she deserved.<br><br>&quot;It&apos;s complicated, you know? &#xA0;I&apos;ve spent no more than an hour in this man&apos;s presence across my entire life. &#xA0;But I&apos;ve spend a lot of time wondering why the Hell he did it. &#xA0;Why he let me go, knowing full well what I am&#x2014;it&apos;s pretty hard to miss the horns, even with my hood up&#x2014;and what I did. &#xA0;Maybe he knows that I&apos;m going to owe him for the rest of my damned life, and he&apos;s counting on me to shoulder that debt, take on an endless quest to buck my nature, and try to &apos;be good&apos; rather than squander the chance and prove him wrong. &#xA0;See? &#xA0;Gentle soul, smug bastard, and self-righteous ass, all in one.&quot;<br><br>Grace finishes and lays her quill down on the bedstand behind her.<br><br>&quot;I really do appreciate your faith in me. &#xA0;Just... don&apos;t gush over it too much. &#xA0;I&apos;m not used to that kind of praise.<br><br>&quot;For once, though, I&apos;m not in the mood to talk more about myself. &#xA0;There&apos;s not much more to the story and not anything I&apos;m trying to hide, I promise. &#xA0;If you&apos;ll believe me, I guess. &#xA0;Some other night.&quot;<br><br>She smiles, raising an eyebrow.<br><br>&quot;Plus, I believe Oi is trying to goad Ursi into saying something you might want to hear.&quot;

-Ben, August 28 (edited: August 28)

---

&quot;You&apos;re damn right I am!!!&quot; He quips. &quot;I may not be the smartest guy but my intuition tells me something&apos;s going on here. Out with it you two!&quot;

-Keith U., August 28

---

Ellie leaned back on her heels and surveyed her portion of the map, which was now also complete.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Of course, you had been drinking. Grace, you were <em>always</em> drinking. I can understand the description though. What if Star didn&apos;t expect to hold that debt over your head? He just saw you for you, regardless of how you looked. Not everyone sees your horns as you do; I told you that from the first day we met. It&apos;s not always immediate distrust and hate. Which is why I&apos;m perplexed &#xA0;as to why you think I wouldn&apos;t believe you. You gave me your word that you weren&apos;t hiding something.&quot; She put her quill in the book on the page with the red thistle and the book back in her pack. &quot;Everyone has to have faith in something. I think my trust in the promise of a good friend is faith well-placed. &quot;<br><br>Ellie finished packing her things and looked up at Grace.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;One more thing... seriously, me, gush? Do I look like I&apos;ve ever gushed over anything in my life?&quot;<br><br>Ellie put on her most stoic face and raised her eyebrow. She&#xA0;couldn&apos;t hold Grace&apos;s gaze for long before one corner of her mouth twitched up to a smile and she turned her attention to Oi&apos;s excited chatter.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Now, Oi,&quot; Ellie said with mock chastisment, &quot;you would think with all the finesse Rumaro granted you for your healing spells, <em>some</em>&#xA0;would have spilled over into your social graces.&quot; She smiled at the young elf before rising from the bed to go to Ursinalia&apos;s side. <br><br>Ellie&#xA0;brushed some of the oats Oi had thrown from Ursi&apos;s shoulder and looked back at Ielenia with a smile. She took Ursi&apos;s hand in hers and laced their fingers together. &quot;So,&quot; she asked, &quot;are you going to answer your best friend?&quot;<br>

-Nicole, August 28

---

Ursinalia smiles as Ellie grabs her hand. Then to Ellie completely ignoring Oi, &quot;Well sometimes when he gets like this you can just ignore him, although now that I think of it, it usually ends with me and his brothers wild shaping and running away, by the time he catches us he&apos;s completely forgotten whatever annoying *pause and look at Oi* imprudent *pause again* thought has invaded his young mind. But since that would leave you all alone with him and for Oi&apos;s safety in that scenario, yes I will answer him.&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>Ursinalia squeezes Ellie&apos;s hand as she lets go to walk over to Oi, &quot; Oh my dearest best friend, &quot; she says ah she wraps an arm around Oi turning him to talk on the other side of the room.<br><br>Then quieter and excitedly but not completely out of earshot, &quot; we finally got a chance to talk while we were waiting with the wagon the other day! Ellie and I are not ready for something serious so I think it would be best if we don&apos;t have outside pressures pushing us.*she pokes Oi in the shoulder* We&apos;re going to go out hunting together soon.&quot;&#xA0;<br>

-Amber  F., August 28

---

Oi pouts at the unfair, and frequent, memories of his family running away and leaving him all alone in the woods. Even though his siblings never really&#xA0;ran far it only served to make him more aware of his inability to transform. Back then those runs only served to make him <em>more</em> envious of his brothers and their talents. Now he just found the tactic somewhat rude. Back in the present, he cursed his inability to wildshape like the majority of his kin yet again. Employing one of the skills he <em>did</em> possess, cuteness, he shoved his lip out slightly and lets it quiver as Ursi looks at him. He willed his eyes to well up with huge crocodile tears hoping to make her feel bad about teasing him now and instigating past retreats from him in the woods.<br><br>While he pouts, he watches the two elves and is convinced that there is a deeper bond between them but still isn&apos;t able to tell <em>how</em> deep&#xA0;it has progressed. It&apos;s quite apparent that something has changed but he&apos;s unsure of the extent. As Ursi approaches he wraps her in a familiar walking embrace. As she whispers to him about the circumstances, Oi feels himself becoming giddy for his friend. He grins goofily at her and dances a cute little jig in place while she tells him what has happened. When she finishes he squeals excitedly and hugs his friend tight. In their embrace, he whispers excitedly &quot;I <em>knew </em>it!&quot; He hangs on to the tightness of the hug and whispers so softly that only she can hear, &quot;You know, baby doll, <em>IF</em> she hurts you, I&apos;ll kill her. Try not to make me into a murderer please.&quot; <br><br>He pulls back from the hug, a cute little expression on his face,&#xA0;&quot;<em>Hunting</em> you say,&quot; he puts special teasing emphasis on the word and raises his eyebrows curiously, &quot;is <em>that</em> what they&apos;re calling it these days?&quot; His face breaks into a sly little grin as they begin to make their way back across the small room to the group. &quot;You&apos;ll simply have to tell me how it all happened but I suppose that story can wait as well.&quot; He sighs and smiles at everyone as they make it back to the vicinity of the bed. &quot;So,&quot; he addresses the group, his arm still loosely wrapped around Ursi&apos;s waist, &quot;Did we determine anything <em>else</em>&#xA0;about the map?&quot;&#xA0;

-Keith U., August 29

---

&quot;Lester, supposing that this is his map, had a fast hand and favored quick, straight strokes of the quill. &#xA0;His curves tend to grow thin at the apex. &#xA0;But... nothing useful, no.&quot;<br><br>Grace stretches.<br><br>&quot;Now that we have a copy, I can try things that might damage the original to see if there&apos;s some sort of enchantment or alchemical ink involved. &#xA0;A long shot, but... well, I was looking forward to a late night anyway.&quot;

-Ben, August 29 (edited: August 29)

---

&quot;That&apos;s disappointing&quot; Oi says with a coy tone. <br><br>He releases Ursi with a fond smile, nods to the group, and glides gracefully from the room. As he passes Ellie he gives her a knowing little glance and half smile. He travels to the boys&apos; room and there takes off his breastplate, and after polishing it and his shield carefully, leaves the room locked behind him. Comfortably free of the heavy protective metal he massages the lean muscles in his chest as he travels nimbly downstairs to the bar and Nerwenye. He places a number of gold coins on the end of the counter and nods silently to the matron. Needing no further permission, he rolls the sleeves of his supple leather vestments to just below the elbows and steps behind the bar. He gracefully fills a pitcher of water and places it on a serving tray. He begins to flip glasses from their storage racks with a practiced sort of ease and places them on the tray amid flashes of vibrant color. He also liberates a number of bottles of his mead and places them on the tray as well. Smiling kindly to Nerwenye, he retreats back to the room with an ease about him and reenters the room.<br><br>&quot;Anyone thirsty?&quot; he asks upon his return.  &quot;I have water and mead.&quot; He pops a mead for himself and drinks a few ounces waiting for orders. &quot;I, for one, recommend the mead.&quot;

-Keith U., August 31