Hugo is banished, and he has taken with him the grave horrors of the palace. &#xA0;Only its ancient, faded grandeur remains.<br><br>The brave-ish adventurers are bruised and weary, but victorious. &#xA0;They have begun to lay out their packs and bedrolls in the gallery for one last night in the palace.<br><br>Grace sits cross-legged&#xA0;on her bedroll, finding it difficult to take her eyes off of Valerie, the brass dragon who, free of her restraints, has used her inborn magic to assume the form of a battle-hardened, armored Elven warrior and has accepted the party&apos;s company for the night.<br><br>She says nothing for the moment, lost in thought.<br>

-Ben, August 02 (edited: August 03)

---

As Ellie sets up her sleeping area, she watches Valerie uncertainly, minutely more at ease with her in her Elven form. She was bewildered at the kindness of the dragon, a creature she had been very intent on killing for the better part of the last day.&#xA0;<br><br><em>We deserved it.</em><br><br>The conversation with Tahl&apos;sha echoed in her head and she felt an odd sense of guilt that she had insulted this creature. Valerie.<br><br>&quot;I didn&apos;t mean to offend you with the comment about you... eating us. I just... well, you are a dragon and I thought...&quot; <br><br>Obviously nervous, Ellie blew out a breath of air. <br><br>&quot;Thank you for... transforming. Will you be able to sleep in that form comfortably?&quot;

-Nicole, August 03

---

Valerie pushes the piles of coins around and settles onto a makeshift coin cushion with her back against the outer wall.<br><br>&quot;It&apos;s alright little elf. I don&apos;t eat intelligent creatures. I&apos;ll leave that to the black dragon lairing in the Gardens.&quot; She shifts her weight a bit, sinking further down the wall.<br><br>&quot;Yes, it&apos;s just another shape. Ask your friend if she&apos;s comfortable sleeping as a wolf or a bear. It&apos;s different to be sure but something you can get used to. Tell me, were you here when the wave came down?&quot;<br>

-James, August 03

---

Ellie looks at Ursi, wondering if she actually was comfortable sleeping as Dire Wolf, but turns back to Valerie when she asks about the wave. She hesitates for a moment before answering.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;I was quite young but, yes, I was here. It was... terrifying to say the least. Are you old enough to have been alive then as well?&quot;

-Nicole, August 03

---

&quot;No, I&apos;m not even old enough to be considered an adult by your kind. I came here to learn about the city but only found the other dragon after it was too late.&quot; Her head droops, &quot;I wasn&apos;t paying attention and fled right into the clutches of another dangerous foe. Hugo caught me unaware and before I knew it, I was chained up.&quot;

-James, August 03 (edited: August 03)

---

Ellie&apos;s face contorts with disgust at the mention of Hugo&apos;s name.<br><br>&quot;How long did he have you captive here before we arrived?&quot;

-Nicole, August 03

---

Ielenia dutifully lays out her bedroll next to Ellie&apos;s. Gingerly sitting herself down on the ground, she begins to massage to soreness out her legs, the battles of the day having taken a serious toll on her. <em>I haven&apos;t been that slow since I was Aran&apos;s age, </em>she thinks sourly, lightly shaking her head. Still strangely enthralled with the dragon in the room, Ielenia listens intently to every word coming out of Valerie&apos;s mouth.

-Rachel M., August 03

---

Valerie frowns, &quot;It&apos;s been entirely too long for anyone, let alone someone like me.&quot;<br><br>Changing the subject quickly, &quot;Are you all related? I mean excluding the Halfling and your sorceress. Did you come to reclaim the City?&quot;<br>

-James, August 04

---

Ellie looks at her pale blue hands and then at Ielenia&apos;s copper hair and warm-toned skin. &quot;Was it the family resemblance that gave us away?&quot; she asked Valerie playfully.<br><br>She saw Ielenia massaging her legs and longed for a few juniper berries to ease her pain. She had been woefully under prepared with her herbs this time and made a mental note to stock up when they got back to Heliopis.<br><br>&quot;The future dragon-rider,&quot; she smiled at Ielenia, &quot;is my sister. The other two might as well be siblings but they are not related by blood. I realize that we have not yet given you our names. I&apos;ll let them make their own introductions, if they like, but my name is Eiliatae, of Rilynnas&apos;ari.&quot;&#xA0;<div><br>Ellie settled comfortably next to her sister.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;I came to the City to see my birthplace, to see what had become of it after hundreds of years of neglect and destruction. Reclaiming the city was meant to be a little further on in the plan. We were going to investigate the rumors of evil presences lurking here, which I think all of us can now readily confirm, and see, if at some point, we could restore the City to its former glory. I certainly never imagined we would find you, or the other dragon, here.&quot;<br></div>

-Nicole, August 04 (edited: August 04)

---

&quot;Don&apos;t forget the human kid over here. &#xA0;He and I shared the fun of duking it out with you earlier.&quot;<br><br>Grace turns a little red with a realization.<br><br>&quot;Earlier... I&apos;m sorry about what I said. &#xA0;The thrill of battle really gets to me. &#xA0;I didn&apos;t know... Valerie... <em>Iskvaeri</em>? &#xA0;Please, <em>please</em> forgive me. &#xA0;For... <em>ugh.</em>&quot;<br><br>She turns away. &#xA0;Her eyes fall on Roan.<br><br>&quot;Are you feeling any better, kid? &#xA0;Take your time; you&apos;ve had a Hell of a day. &#xA0;I know all too well what it&apos;s like to not want to talk about it.&quot;

-Ben, August 04

---

Oi saunters casually over to the group, arms linked with Ursi, and nods respectfully in Valerie&apos;s direction when Ellie identifies them and giggles quietly at her description. &#xA0;<br><br>He waits for the conversation to die down a little bit &#xA0;so he doesn&apos;t interrupt anyone. With his free hand he smooths his hair and addresses the dragon, &quot;My name is Oi. It&apos;s comical I know, but I&apos;ve grown rather fond of the informality it fosters. In case you couldn&apos;t tell by the vestments and other paraphernalia, I&apos;m a life cleric. I&apos;m part of an Order who venerates the goddess Rumaro but we do this in a number of ways. I, for one, brew mead and I rather think it helps one live life a little more fully.&quot; During his small speech he pats Ursi on the arm, signaling gently that he is going to move, and removes his pack. He sets the pack at his feet and digs through it until he finds several bottles of his mead, setting them out in a small row in front of him. He pops the top off of &#xA0;the bottles with a practiced hand and walks around the group passing the open bottles out to the group, including Valerie but not Grace/Tynfi, who he hands a water skin instead. After he finishes his circuit, he takes a seat next to his pack and smiles in anticipation.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;I&apos;ve been saving these. It&apos;s a miracle that they didn&apos;t break during the fighting, Rumaro must be watching over us.&quot; He raises his bottle, &#xA0;&quot;To pursuing and protecting&#xA0;<em>life</em>.&quot;<br><br>He pours a few seconds worth of his mead on the ground, whispering &quot;Thank you my Lady&quot; . He then proceeds to drink the rest of the bottle without hesitation. As he drinks his eyes roll back in his head in ecstasy and he falls flat on his back in contentment. When finished, he pulls the bottle flamboyantly from his lips and sets it down at arms length with a soft clink.<br><br>&quot;<em>Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh</em>.&quot;<br>

-Keith U., August 06

---

Ursinalia walks over to the group arm in arm with Oi. She is quiet as the others make their introductions and giggles when Oi makes a show of drinking from the bottle of mead.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Well met Valerie, I am Ursinalia, Druid of the circle of the moon,&quot; She bows her head deferentially.&#xA0;<br>&quot;Valerie is right, I can sleep in my shapes, though Cat is more apt to napping than say Wolf, However i can only hold my shape for a certain amount of time and typically awake to find myself an Elf. There was once I woke abruptly as I fell off a ledge not large enough for an Elf, Cat did catch me but I am much more careful about letting her fall asleep now. I&apos;ve improved at remaining as a beast for longer periods of time and can do it for several hours though i&apos;m sure I will never have the skill to be a shape as magnificent as yours Valerie nor hold another one indefinitely. Can you change at will for as long as you&apos;d like?&quot;<br><br>

-Amber  F., August 06 (edited: August 06)

---

&quot;Right, the human boy. You can hear him from miles away. In the future, you might ask him to keep his clanging down.&quot; With the Chains gone, Valerie felt free, and yet she felt like she was being studied.<br><br>&quot;Do not fret my horned friend, I&apos;m just named for her. Though our plights were similar, I have regained my freedom thanks to you.&quot;<br><br>&quot;Little Druid, much like you, the forms I can take are limited. Though I may retain them for as long as necessary. I once spent an entire year as a Halfing in Heliopis. It provided an interesting perspective, but I have no wishes to regain that form again. I&apos;m mostly comfortable in my own skin, or that of an elf. I find their natures quite compatible with my personality.&quot;<br>

-James, August 07

---

Grace is hushed by the dragon&apos;s reassurances but still appears ill at ease. &#xA0;She retrieves some hardtack from her bag and breaks off a piece to occupy her teeth with, musing quietly on the proceedings.<br><br>&quot;A little more fully... ah, would that it were so.&quot;<br><br>A thought occurs to her.<br><br>&quot;Say, Oi. &#xA0;I guess I don&apos;t have to ask if <em>you&apos;re</em>&#xA0;feeling better. &#xA0;But you say you belong to an Order, yeah? &#xA0;What are the chances that we run into your fellow clergy?&quot;

-Ben, August 07

---

Ielenia pushed herself off the ground, wincing slightly at the pain in her legs. Walking over to Valerie, she stuck out her hand. &quot;And I&apos;m Ielenia,&quot; she chirped, sounding much more alert than she felt. &quot;I came to the city because Ellie came to the city. I thought all of my family had died or disappeared until I found her.&quot; Looking back over her shoulder, she smiled fondly at her sister. &quot;Though I&apos;ve only just met her, it feels like we&apos;ve known each other our whole lives.&quot; Talking about her sister made Ielenia genuinely miss her presence, so she nodded to Valerie and trudged back over to her bedroll, reclaiming her previous spot at Ellie&apos;s side. Redirecting her conversation back to Valerie, Ielenia added, &quot;I&apos;m going to be wherever she goes, so if she wants to restore a city I guess we&apos;re doing that now.&quot;

-Rachel M., August 08

---

Oi twists his head idly to regard Grace and the edges of his mouth twist up in the beginning of a smile. &quot;You&apos;ve got to stop thinking of me as a &quot;<em>holy man&quot;&#xA0;</em>or &quot;<em>clergy&quot;, </em>he says wryly, &quot;it&apos;s so...<em>limiting</em>.&quot; The smile blooms throughout the rest of his gracile face and he kindly begins to answer Grace&apos;s question, although he doesn&apos;t sit up to do so. Instead, he swivels his head back to the front, peering up at the rafters, and throws his hands behind his head in a makeshift pillow for his head. He speaks loud enough that the group may hear if they care but not so loudly as to be annoying.<br><br>&quot;Most of the members of my Order are quite advanced in years.&quot; He narrows his eyes toward the ceiling, as if remembering the faces of his comrades. &quot;I wouldn&apos;t wager on meeting the majority of them anywhere but our compound. Some haven&apos;t been out of our seclusion in decades. Given that fact, I&apos;m sure you can imagine that recruiting isn&apos;t exactly something that happens terribly often. Still, a&#xA0;very small portion of my religious brothers are young like myself. Even so, we are a small group, a little piece of a greater whole, and we generally like to keep to ourselves. The younger brothers tend to explore more than the Elders but none traverse as far, or leave for so long, as I do.&quot; <br><br>He pauses pensively and purses his full lips before continuing, &quot;Thinking about it, I would say that I&apos;m somewhat of a black sheep among them as well. Rumaro calls us to protect and enjoy life. My idea of enjoying life is...&quot; he lingers on the word buying his mind time to develop a simple, truthful, yet polite characterization &quot;...somewhat different than theirs. In my opinion, life doesn&apos;t revolve around staying in one place, maintaining meticulous gardens, brewing mead, cultivating order in all things, and divining the secrets of life and light. I perceive life as something chaotic, always in motion, and rarely wholly defined by a universal set of truths.&quot; His tone becomes enthusiastic, &quot;I believe that there is a time and purpose for everything that has been created. Sometimes that means I travel a great deal, selling the mead we brew while I go. Sometimes I stay in one place, like my family&apos;s village, for long periods.&quot; He shrugs his shoulders, a physical piece of punctuation and his excitement ebbs. &quot;Do not be confused though, Rumaro has a multitude of followers and many who interpret her teachings differently than myself or my Order. It is much more possible, although still probably not all <em>that</em> likely considering our current location, that we could encounter one of them.&quot;<br><br>He casually turns his head and looks quizzically at Grace out of the corner of his eye, &quot;Why do you ask?&quot;

-Keith U., August 08 (edited: August 08)

---

&quot;<em>Holy men</em>,&quot; she begins with teasing emphasis, &quot;rarely approve of yours truly. &#xA0;For a litany of reasons. &#xA0;I intend to make things easier for all of us&#x2014;especially myself and yourself&#x2014;by adopting another one of my famed cover stories should we meet them.<br><br>&quot;That besides, you mention this order, and you seem far too... cheery. &#xA0;Too cheery and carefree for hierarchies and commandments. &#xA0;Just, ah... curiosity, I guess.&quot;

-Ben, August 09

---

He shakes his head nonchalantly still looking up at the ceiling. &quot;You must&apos;ve had some horrible experiences with religion,&quot; he says with a sigh,&#xA0;&quot;I don&apos;t envy you on that front.&quot; <br><br>He breathes deeply and then continues kindly, &quot;As I&apos;ve said before, Rumaro&apos;s &apos;commandments&apos; are simple and, if I recall correctly, I&apos;ve already explained my &apos;hierarchy&apos; to everyone. As long as someone don&apos;t oppose life, or attempt to harm my person, family, friends, or God, I tend to be a pretty easy individual to get along with. As for the hierarchy I think you&apos;re referencing, I don&apos;t really believe in that. All life, trees, insects, animals, and humanoids are equal. All should be respected and revered. One man or woman should not be regarded as better or blindly followed simply by virtue of their station in this realm. To me, the ability to lead is something that is earned by the display of wisdom and experience, not by birth or treachery. Hierarchy, as you reference, it is for those who are too fearful to attempt to effectuate change or too foolish to realize they&apos;re being controlled. Either way, I hope that when I follow someone it is an act of free will and hopefully not because I am cowardly or weak minded.&quot;<br><br>He changes the subject, aware he might bore the others with his religious rhetoric, &quot;What does this cover story entail? The theory of it sounds rather amusing.&quot; He twists his head and smiles broadly.

-Keith U., August 09

---

&quot;Oh, worship itself hardly bothers me. &#xA0;There is power, sin, and majesty in the world, all right. &#xA0;But the edifices of devotion, the impositions of its power... they repel me. &#xA0;You have spared me such impositions, and maybe you&apos;re not so big on them in the first place. &#xA0;I do appreciate that.<br><br>&quot;Anyway, there are the other, more banal details. &#xA0;You know, like how the faithful are usually taught that Tieflings are devils from Hell, born with wicked hearts and thieving hands. &#xA0;Not that they&apos;re, uhm, wrong... it just makes conversation difficult.&quot;<br><br>Grace leans back a bit, regarding Oi curiously.<br><br>&quot;So, cover stories. &#xA0;Next time I need one, I&apos;m thinking... Rose. &#xA0;Rose, a wandering actress, meek and penitent. &#xA0;She left her last company because of a romantic falling-out, now looking for another without luck. &#xA0;She finds herself playing a lot of villains, obviously. &#xA0;But she still gets flustered when her bloodline gets brought up in conversation. &#xA0;She knows how to <em>act</em>&#xA0;it, not how to talk about it.<br><br>&quot;The important part is that she&apos;s five-parts-not-me to one-part-me. &#xA0;Because while I don&apos;t want to be recognized&#x2014;and I would like people to believe that I have my penchant for stealing and violence under control&#x2014;Rose also needs that little spring of my emotion that I can draw from to act her convincingly. &#xA0;The rest of the story should hopefully give me room to make up details on the spot: convenient and attention-grabbing ones or boring ones, as the situation requires. &#xA0;Like, say, the lover I quarreled with. &#xA0;Human? &#xA0;Tiefling? &#xA0;Dwarf? &#xA0;Man? &#xA0;Woman? &#xA0;Did he leave me for another Tiefling woman? &#xA0;Oh, the scandal! &#xA0;Or did we have an uninteresting fight over money and go our separate ways? &#xA0;Rose&apos;s past can be whatever I need it to be.&quot;

-Ben, August 09 (edited: August 09)

---

&quot;Grace I don&apos;t think you could ever pull off &apos;weak and penitent,&apos;&quot; Ielenia laughed. Turning and looking at Oi, Ielenia decided to follow up Tynfi&apos;s line of questions. &quot;She has a point Oi,&quot; Ielenia jerked her thumb at Grace for reference, &quot;you don&apos;t seem like the typical religious type-the self proclaimed black sheep. How is it that you came into Rumaro&apos;s service? It couldn&apos;t have just been because you weren&apos;t a Druid.&quot;

-Rachel M., August 10

---

Oi stifles a chuckle during Grace&apos;s description of Rose. Meek and penitent would certainly be a difficult mimicry for her but if she had been able to fool the group into thinking that she was a sailor evidently pretending was a natural talent of hers. He fails at holding back his chuckles when Ielenia steps into the conversation and laughs with her although he raises a hand apologetically to Grace to display that there was no malice in it. As the conversation shifts to him, his demeanor becomes more pensive, as if trying to decide which path to take. <em>You&apos;ve got to give to receive.&#xA0;<br><br></em>He sits up slowly&#xA0;with a cute sort of motion and a high-pitched yawn, &quot;You are correct but, in a way, you are also mistaken.&quot; He smiles a bit deviously, &quot;Allow me to explain. My family consists of mostly druids, although one of my older brothers, I have 3, named Rinn is a Ranger, and the twins, one of whom I was dancing with downstairs, Sia and Thia, are both Rangers as well. We discovered that they weren&apos;t really cut out for the druid lifestyle when we learned they weren&apos;t able to wild shape. By time I came around my parents were half expecting it, due to Rinn, and my deficiency in that regard wasn&apos;t really a big deal. My family protects the forest and creatures in it. Druid circles and local rangers usually work closely together to do this since they have different strengths, although both can heal a bit. My family wanders the forrest daily tracking hurt animals and healing them, as well as gathering fruits, nuts, and berries to eat. One day, I was wandering with Del and Bryn, my two druid older brothers, and we came across a wild cat. The poor creature had a broken leg, whether from a trap or a careless fall, and was limping badly. It was also in quite the terrible mood but those little creatures usually are.&quot; He chuckles to himself, recalling past encounters with the small but fierce cats. &quot;Del is quick, like Ellie,&quot; He smiles in her direction, &quot;and grabbed the wounded creature before it could escape. At Bryn&apos;s encouragement, I walked up and touched it to heal it but my touch set the bone. Bryn was excited because druids can <em>mend</em>&#xA0;as well. He encouraged me to heal the creature and when I did so, my touch&#xA0;was quite a bit more effective than either of theirs. All three of us were surprised but thought that <em>maybe</em>&#xA0;I had just gotten lucky, I was slightly younger than Roan at the time, which is <em>young </em>for an elf. Bryn thought I may be a druid after all and that I would come into my wild shaping later. As the months went by though I never learned to wild shape but we did discover that my heals were always more effective than anyone else in our village. In fact, it was to such an extent that other families would bring their children, who were scarcely younger than I was, to me to mend. I guess that&apos;s another reason why I have such a soft spot for children.&quot; He smiles warmly.<br><br>&quot;Anyway, my father was the first to figure it out. I was always pretty useless with a bow or a blade and as I&apos;ve already said I couldn&apos;t wild shape to save my life. After months of watching me heal the ailments of the village, he took me to my Order and it just fit. Due to my age, the Order let me come and go as I please. It&apos;s hard to be away from your family at that age. Now that I&apos;m older I still retain the same privileges. I&apos;ve never disappointed them or reflected poorly on us so I guess there&apos;s no reason to keep me in the compound indefinetly. I also make us a <em>ton</em>&#xA0;of money selling the mead so that&apos;s also probably another mitigating factor.&quot; He winks at Ielenia, &quot;So you see, because I&apos;m not a druid, my family figured out I&apos;m something else.&quot;<br><br>He gracefully changes the subject, &quot;Now Grace, I don&apos;t mean to put you on the spot but this Rose character,&#xA0;you say she&apos;s part you but not you and that you need a spring of emotion from inside to make her convincing. Love is probably the most difficult emotion to manufacture. Have you every been in love?&quot;

-Keith U., August 11

---

&quot;Wicked hearts and thieving hands, Oi. &#xA0;Nothing I&apos;ve done could be so pure as to warrant the word <em>love</em>.&quot;<br><br>Grace&apos;s tail gives an anxious twitch. &#xA0;She shifts, bringing it around so she can grasp its tip and pull it into her lap.<br><br>&quot;... I have had passions soured before. &#xA0;But let&apos;s not lose sight here: the one part of Rose that comes from&#xA0;<em>me</em>&#xA0;is the <em>actress</em>&#xA0;part. &#xA0;I am, after all, the finest actress you&apos;ve ever met.&quot;

-Ben, August 11

---

Ellie&apos;s stomach growled and she rifled through her pack for a few minutes before producing some dried meat. She nudged Ielenia and silently offered her some and leaned her head on her shoulder as she listened to Grace take on yet another identity and Oi&apos;s tales of his childhood. As Oi hurried from his life back to Grace, she was intrigued by both Oi&apos;s story and Grace&apos;s response.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Passions soured, &#xA0;hmm?&quot; Ellie paused mid-swig, a bottle of Oi&apos;s mead raised above her head. A smile spread across her face. &quot;Oh, no, no, you can&apos;t just gloss over that now. Who was so fortunate as to gain your affections?&quot;<br><br>She leaned forward, balancing her elbow on her knee, the bottle still firmly grasped in her hand as she pointed at Oi with her index finger.<br><br>&quot;And, Oi! Half your siblings are rangers? And they can heal wounds? Although, apparently not as well as you! A set bone... for one so young. What weapons do they use? Do they all have the same ideas as you about life?&quot; she asked excitedly.&#xA0;<br><br>Ellie punctuated her questions with bites of food and swallows of mead, leaned back against Ielenia and looked expectantly between the two.&#xA0;

-Nicole, August 11

---

Oi looks on in stunned silence at Ellie&apos;s enthusiasm. His stomach growls as well with the sudden realization, brought on by Ellie&apos;s eating, that he hasn&apos;t eaten in hours as well. He carefully reaches into his bag and pulls out a large lump of cheese and something closely resembling a cracker and begins to eat both between sentences. He lays the cracker-bread between he and Ursi and splits the cheese into two separate pieces giving her the smaller half with a smile.&#xA0;<br><br>He had noticed Grace&apos;s tail, and logged the information away but choose not to mention it now. &quot;<em>Mea culpa</em>&quot; he says in her direction with a slight bow between mouthfuls of creamy cheese and crunchy bread. &quot;I misunderstood your comment about a spring of emotion. I thought you were referencing love you had felt because it seems to me that if you&apos;re going to play someone who has loved and lost it would be beneficial to have experienced the emotion. If that&apos;s not the case, perhaps it would be wise if you augmented that particular facet of your ruse. I will say no more on the matter, you are undoubtedly skilled and far be it from me to instruct you regarding <em>your </em>talent. It would be like you instructing me how to properly heal someone. I trust your skill completely and you are correct, you are the finest actress I&apos;ve met.&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>He smiles warmly at Ellie, and munches on a large lump of cheese happily. &quot;Whelmp, you seef, my brudder Rinn,&quot; he swallows the deliciousness, &quot;is a beast master. His companion is this massive and utterly gorgeous black panther named <em>Urecath; w</em>e call him Ury for short. I used to ride him when I was much younger but I&apos;m bigger now and he&apos;s getting quite old. I suppose when Rinn needs to attack something he <em>could </em>use a sword or a bow, he&apos;s certainly more skilled than I with both, but honestly he just instructs Ury and the big cat goes about destroying things. Rinn&apos;s also a capable caster too so there&apos;s also that to consider.&quot; He crunches loudly on a cracker.&#xA0;<br><br>&#xA0;&quot;As for the twins,&quot; His voice fills with tenderness &quot;they&apos;re hunters through and through, much like yourself. <em>*crunch crunch crunch*</em> I haven&apos;t seen them in months <em>*crunch*</em> but from what I hear, Sia is becoming a real sharp shooter and Thia is a dizzying whirlwind with her blades. <em>*crunch crunch*</em> They primarily work as a team, Thia near their quarry hacking and slashing away and Sia providing cover fire at anything that is still standing afterwards. I&apos;ve seen them in action often and they are quite formidable. I certainly wouldn&apos;t want to cross them in their favored terrains.&quot;<br><br>He pulls off another sizable hunk of cheese and unceremoniously stuffs it in his mouth. &quot;Nowf, iffff youuure askingk abut miif family&apos;s beleeefs,&quot; he switches the cheese to his cheek, &quot;you&apos;d need to ask them. We were all brought up to respect life and the forest that supports us but not all of my family are vegetarian and not all of them follow Rumaro either. I&apos;d say I&apos;m the most extreme of the lot but that could be disingenuous.&quot; With a shrug he resumes chewing his cheese and falls quiet, sneaking a swig of Ursi&apos;s untouched mead to wash it down.&#xA0;

-Keith U., August 11

---

&quot;If we meet, I will ask them then if they believe in the same blanket appreciation for <em>all </em>living things. Especially the twins. They must be a sight to behold. I imagine we don&apos;t hunt quite the same but I would love to see them working together. Bows and swords are so complementary in a fight. Although, if she hasn&apos;t already, Sia should learn some sword skills in addition to her bow work. It never hurts to have additional training in a variety of weapons.&quot;<br><br>Ellie patted the swords at her side, but seemed to lose focus on the conversation. She upended the bottle to finish her mead and, when she set the bottle down, she was smiling again.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Little Oi riding an enormous panther. Now that&apos;s a picture.&#xA0;Did Bryn and Del let you ride their wildshapes like Rinn let you ride Ury? Tell me about your other siblings... the druids. Are they of the circle of the moon, like Ursi?&quot;<br><br>Ellie stole a quick glance at Ursi, and went back to happily munching on food, snuggled against her sister&apos;s side.<br>

-Nicole, August 11

---

Ursinalia is pleased to finally feel safe if only for the evening. She listens while the others banter about Grace&apos;s many personalities and Oi&apos;s religious view and his family. She remembers running with his brothers like a pack sometimes, though she was always the smallest wolf then. She smiles thinking about how all the practice she&apos;s had of late she could likely rival their beasts. She sits with the group and lays out her bedroll next Oi&apos;s. When he offers up cheese and cracker bread she helps herself but decides the mead may not be the best idea considering how tired she is already.&#xA0;<br><br>While Oi&apos;s mouth if full of cracker bread and cheese Ursinalia chimes in speaking for Oi. &quot;Most of Oi&apos;s family is land they tend to be better casters but Oi has one brother who is of the moon like me. Oi&apos;s village is one of the closest to the village I grew up in, my village is fairly young so we would sometimes go to theirs to worship Rumaro. You&apos;d be amazed at the lengths that druids can traverse through a forest making our villages practically neighbors. Of course Oi was a constant visitor beloved for his wonderful mead, &quot; Ursinalia nods her head at Oi drinking from her bottle, &quot;So I got to know him best and we became friends while we were growing up. I spent some time with his older brothers though they helped me with my shapes when I was younger. Some of them came very naturally to me but other were more difficult. Wolf was not as strong as she is now so when I was younger I spent most of my time with Bear, she could hold her own against a couple of wolves and Ury, well better anyways. I was always small and used to frustrate me to no end when they would tease me for my size. Now I have come to realize that it actually gives me an upper hand when others overlook me. Anyways, I have spent a lot of time recently learning about Wolf but before that I developed a very strong connection with Bear as a child. oh, Sorry Oi I didn&apos;t mean to interrupt your story.&quot;&#xA0;

-Amber  F., August 11

---

Grace winces.<br><br>&quot;My first fling was with a traveler.  Isabel.  I think she was a smuggler, but I&apos;ll never know for sure.  This was four or five years ago; we were both pretty young, and I... I thought...<br><br>&quot;... Oh, Gods. This is <em>embarrassing</em>. I will conjure Hell just for you if you ever tell anyone outside this room about this, Ellie...&quot;<br><br>She grits her teeth and forges on.<br><br>&quot;I thought I was inherently some kind of seductress.  Like the <em>succubi</em>, who tempt men to surrender their souls in the night.  But I <em>thought </em>I could feel some sort of semblance of love; I thought I could experience something true and pure... if I sidestepped the whole thing and tried falling in love with a woman.<br><br>&quot;It didn&apos;t work out.  She was sweet, and she was sharp, and she was attractive, and... well, I wasn&apos;t attracted to her.  But, you know... I&apos;m an actress.  So she had no idea, and it was far, far too long before I was able to work up the courage to... disappear.  I... left a note.&quot;<br><br>Grace fidgets with her tail, relieved to be through that.<br><br>&quot;There was another.  A Tiefling guy, Swift.  One of those &apos;concept&apos; names that some Tieflings give themselves and spend their lives trying to live up to or defy?  Yeah.  He really was <em>swift</em>.  It was exhausting to hold a conversation with him; he&apos;d leap the gaps between thoughts so quickly.  And he&apos;d never sleep in the same place two nights in a row.  But damn it all if he wasn&apos;t interesting.  And fairly attractive.  And... anyway.  He was a thief.  An ambitious sort.  And, uh... he tried to sell me down the river after a job went wrong, so that ended that.  The details aren&apos;t important, and they&apos;re kind of... grim.  If you really want to know, I can relate the story when it&apos;ll be less of a mood-killer.&quot;<br>

-Ben, August 11 (edited: August 12)

---

Ellie smiled wickedly at Grace&apos;s threat but it faded quickly as she continued with her story. <br><br>&quot;Quite the actress indeed.&quot; Ellie murmered.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;I can handle grim if you can handle talking about it but, yes, not tonight. Maybe on the ship back to Heliopis. Ielenia can fix my haircut and you can share all the stories you&apos;ve been promising me. You&apos;re racking up quite the list, Grace. Don&apos;t think I&apos;ve forgotten.&quot; She tapped the side of her head with her finger. &quot;I&apos;m not <em>that</em> old.&quot;<br><br>She stretched lazily, offered to share the meat she was eating with everyone else and turned to Ursi and Oi. She went to drink her mead but remembered, with a pout, that it was empty.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;I would have been pleased if Oi came to my village with mead too.&quot; She tapped her empty bottle lightly. &quot;How wonderful that your villages were so close and that you had friends and mentors within such a short distance. You must travel quickly through the forest as wolves if you saw each other so often. Do you ever wish your brothers were right, Oi, and you would come into your wildshapes later? Or are you happy with the powers Rumaro has granted you? The first time wildshaping must be interesting. I was taken aback when I saw Ursi turn into Bear, small or not, so I can only imagine how it feels to experience that for the first time.&quot;

-Nicole, August 12

---

Ielenia smiled at the thought of chatting and doing her sister&apos;s hair on the boat. &quot;Doing hair and sharing stories, huh?&quot; She said, running her hand through her own hair. &quot;I don&apos;t think I&apos;ve ever done anything so... Feminine.&quot; As an afterthought, she added, &quot;Though with our track record we might not be the most jovial bunch.&quot; Washing her thoughts down with mead, Ielenia rummaged through Ellie&apos;s bag and helped herself to more dried meat. Staring at the cheese in front of Oi with longing, Ielenia welcomed the warm haze that the mead was starting to draw over her. It dulled the pain in her legs.&#xA0;

-Rachel M., August 13

---

&quot;Yeah, well. &#xA0;At the rate you&apos;re asking, I&apos;ll be out of dark secrets in a matter of days. &#xA0;And then who will I be?&quot;<br><br>Grace gives an exhausted smile, although embarrassment still lingers in her eyes.<br><br>&quot;Anyway, <em>not that old</em>, hah. &#xA0;<em>Only</em>&#xA0;twenty thousand years instead of twenty-five, right? &#xA0;I ought to be getting some stories from you in return. &#xA0;Although... the rest of you aren&apos;t that much younger than her, are you? &#xA0;Except you, kid.&quot;<br><br>She wipes a few crumbs off of her bedroll and falls onto it shoulder-first to lie on her side, facing her companions and cradling the end of her tail.<br><br>&quot;Mm. &#xA0;Bed feels nice...&quot;

-Ben, August 14 (edited: August 14)

---

Oi smiles warmly, happy for the conversation going on around him. He was amused Ursi interrupted and talked for him about his older siblings. They were always very close and she probably understood them better at this point in time. Listening to a druid describe wild shaping and speaking of other druids was always more enlightening and entertaining too. He listened in active silence, nodding and using appropriate facial expressions and mannerism to convey interest while being respectfully quiet. Throughout it all he continued to munch on his cheese and cracker-bread and id his best to keep track of all the questions he still had to answer. Of course he noticed Ielenia&apos;s looks at his cheese. He graciously pulled the other half from his pack and tossed it over in her direction with a sly smile during Grace&apos;s miniature rant. He grinned in her direction when she caught it with elven grace, and went back to paying attention to Grace.&#xA0;<br><br>As she finished, Oi began, &quot;I don&apos;t mean to back track too far here and ruin the entire flow of our conversation, but I do think Ellie asked some questions a couple of minutes back that haven&apos;t been answered. Yes, I&apos;ve ridden all of my siblings wildshapes. It&apos;s quite the exquisite way to travel in my opinion. Much better than ships or wagons or walking. The <em>speed </em>and <em>agility </em>and <em>grace</em>&#xA0;of animals far outmatches our own. Our only real advantage on them is our mind. Once a druid transforms, their mental faculties are grafted with their shape&apos;s natural abilities. It is a truly formidable skill. To that end, for a time, when I was much younger and didn&apos;t understand my place in this world, I was saddened by my inability to wildshape. I must admit that I&apos;m still a bit jealous honestly, I mean, how cool is it to transform into a mastadon or giant crocodile?!? Still, I&apos;ve realized over time that I can do many incredible things that they wouldn&apos;t even dream of. My gifts are not as flashy as theirs to be sure, but that doesn&apos;t make them any less valuable. Over the past several decades I&apos;ve become more content with myself and confident that I&apos;m not some kind of freak. Being around other healers and clerics has helped my self-doubts and feelings of being an outsider immensely. In a word Ellie, yes, when I was younger I wished I was just like my siblings, now, I wouldn&apos;t change who I am and I&apos;m excited by the prospects of who I may be.&quot;<br><br>He turns and faces Grace with a little quirky look on his face. With mock annoyance he playfully jabs a finger in her direction, &quot;And you, missy, *point point point* I&apos;ll have you know I&apos;m <em>half</em>&#xA0;the age of Ursi and less than a <em>third </em>of Ellie&apos;s and Ielenia&apos;s ages!&quot; he shrieks with thinly veiled amusement. &quot;I won&apos;t disagree with you that Ellie is bordering on ancient, she&apos;s older than <em>both</em>&#xA0;of my parents and the dragon sitting with us for goodness sake, but <em>I</em> refuse to be labeled as <em>old </em>until I&apos;ve at least reached the end of a reasonable human lifespan.&quot; He tosses his hair from his eyes, &quot;Besides, I&apos;m just too pretty for that. I don&apos;t even have any wrinkles yet for gods sake!&quot; <br><br>He smiles mischievously and his brilliantly green eyes fly from Grace to Ellie as he springs his trap, &quot;I aaaaalllllllso agree it&apos;s story time with Ellie. So come on <em>old</em>&#xA0;girl, spin us a tale of adventure and romance and beautiful things. You&apos;ve undoubtedly had more time in this realm to experience those things than those present here. Don&apos;t be shy! Do tell. Do. Tell.&quot; He finishes with a wide grin and leans back Ursi. He pulls a swath of her hair into his hands and begins to work on another intricate braid as Ellie tells her tale. &#xA0;<br>

-Keith U., August 14

---

Ielenia gratefully returns Oi&apos;s smile as she continues to stuff her face with food. Reaching for meat to give to Oi in return, Ielenia scoffs at the remark about her age. &quot;Shouldn&apos;t you respect us more for the wisdom we have come to gather?&quot; She questioned, throwing the meat so it landed in Oi&apos;s hair rather than his hands.<br><br>&quot;But I&apos;d like to hear some of your tales too Ellie.&quot; Ielenia added, settling down into her bedroll, propping herself up on one elbow.

-Rachel M., August 14 (edited: August 14)

---

Oi pouts a bit as he carefully picks the meat out of his hair. He looks steadily at Ielenia and says quietly, &quot;Thank you for your kindness. I don&apos;t mean to be rude and I probably should have mentioned this, although I may have in passing some time ago, I&apos;m a vegetarian.&quot; He averts his gaze but appears to be sad at the contact with the meat. He passes it gingerly off to Ursi so the meat doesn&apos;t go to waste. He tries to perk up again and prod Ellie into speaking, &quot;Yes, <em>romantic,</em>&quot; he eyes Ursi slyly, &quot;dangerous, tales. Don&apos;t keep us waiting all night now.&quot; He stuffs more food in his cheeks, cleans his hands, and goes back to working on Ursi&apos;s braid.

-Keith U., August 14

---

Ursinalia playfully punches Oi in the shoulder for trying to get Ellie to talk about her romantic past. She then gingerly reaches for the offered meat and begins to eat it gratefully. The edges of her mouth quirk up into a smile as she eats waiting for Ellie hopefully.&#xA0;<br><br><em>this is great right now sitting with my friends and just telling stories. Warm and safe and fed. I can&apos;t wait to be back in the relative safety of even Heliopolis. Perhaps when we get back I can get Ellie to go hunting with me. I bet we could both use some quality time in the forest.&#xA0;</em><br>

-Amber  F., August 14

---

&quot;Twenty<em> thousand</em>? <em>Ancient</em>?&quot; Ellie looks slightly cross but her annoyance is interrupted by a yawn. She leans on her bedroll facing the rest of the party.<br><br>&quot;I have no problem sharing my stories. All you have to do is ask. I have plenty of dangerous ones but I think...&quot; She pauses to look at Ursinalia for a moment before taking a breath to begin her tale.<br><br>&quot;The sky was dark this night, no moon to light the way for a human traveler. Only pinpricks of starlight in an inky sky but more than enough for Elven eyes to see by. I was tracking a few thieves in a forest on the edge of a town in northern Afon. A nobleman who had been robbed had hired me to return his stolen property and... handle the thieves who had robbed him. It was supposed to be a simple job, one of the easier hunts that I had had in recent months. This night, I had been able to stick to shadows of the forest and found the camp with relative ease. The campfire had blinded them so they could only see a few feet outside of their circle. I raised my bow to start shooting when the firelight glinted off two blades. An elf exploded from the darkness and took on each bandit, one by one. I couldn&apos;t tear my eyes from his flashing swords and the grace that he handled them with. They were an extension of his body, fluidly moving from place to place, a deadly dance of steel and fire. As I watched him, I saw one of the men had managed to sneak around his side with some sort of blunt object in hand. I kept watching the elf to see if he had noticed but it didn&apos;t seem like he had any idea of the danger. I stepped forward into the firelight and silenced the man with an arrow; the elf turned to see me standing there, my bow in hand and another arrow ready to fire. His eyes were as bright as the sun and just kept staring at me as if he wasn&apos;t in the middle of a battle. He paused far too long and I had to shoot another before he looked away and was back to swinging his swords.&#xA0;<br><br>Finally, when all the thieves were dead from the arrows and swords, he started rifling through the tents and emerged with a sack of gold. The gold I was supposed to be bringing back to town. I watched him from the same spot I had fired from and had the thought that I could not let him leave with the money I was being paid to recover. I cast Ensnaring Strike to hold him and... well, I shot him. Only in the leg! He was fine, I promise. It hurt, I&apos;m sure, but it wasn&apos;t something he was going to die from. I grabbed the money from him and backed towards the safety of the forest. As I was leaving, he called out, and keep in mind I had just shot him, but he said, &quot;The beauty of the moon must be ashamed in your presence.&quot; It startled me to the point where I wasn&apos;t paying enough attention and, when I reached the tree line, my foot was ripped out from under me and I was swinging upside down from a large branch. That broke my concentration so the elf was now free to tend to his wound. He took the arrow from his leg and healed himself before coming over to me, watching me swing helplessly. He calmly stood in front of me and asked me why I wanted money that did not belong to me. Of course, I retorted that I was returning it to the nobleman and that was when the conversation took a turn.<br><br>Apparently, the greedy man had hired both of us to obtain the money and, when we later counted the coin, there wasn&apos;t even enough to cover one sum he had reported stolen. We venture he had been planning to say that we had taken our share and pocket the money we had recovered without paying us. It was just bad luck that we had both gone to the camp on the same evening. At this point, I was getting frustrated that I could not untie myself from the snare and that this elf, who had created this situation in the first place, was not helping me. Finally, I became annoyed enough to ask for help, but the elf only promised to cut me down from the snare if he could walk with me to the town. I told him he could walk with me to town only if he showed me how to make those snares.&#xA0;<br><br>We both wound up going to the nobleman&apos;s home to advise against schemes like that in the future. Perhaps it was the bloody weapons on his doorstep or maybe being caught in the lie that made him quiver like a frightened child when he opened the door.&#xA0;He was so overcome with gratitude for us leaving his head attached to his shoulders, he paid us both twice what he had promised and told us to keep the money we had taken from the thieves. As if we weren&apos;t going to anyway. When we left the nobleman&apos;s house, the elf and I followed the same path for a while, discussing weapons and hunting. I found him intriguing, and attractive in more ways than one, and suggested we have a meal together; we saw each other quite frequently after that. We wound up leaving the town after a few nights and traveled together for a long time afterwards. He told me much later that when he saw me in the forest that night, it was as if the wind from my arrow had pulled the breath from his lungs and he was certain the reason the sky was so dark that evening was that the moon had left the sky and turned into the elf that walked beside him.&quot;<br><br>Ellie flicked her azure eyes around the room before dropping them to stare at her bedroll. She was quiet, tracing a pattern in the fabric with her finger, before looking up again to gauge her companions reaction to her story.<br>

-Nicole, August 15 (edited: August 15)

---

Grace continues to smile crookedly with her head at rest on its side.<br><br>&quot;So, ribbing you about your age makes you hearken back to the good old days of shooting thieves in the night, huh? &#xA0;Noted.<br><br>&quot;... Maithiral, yeah? &#xA0;I never pictured him as such a hopeless romantic. &#xA0;I&apos;m afraid he and I would&apos;ve gotten along terribly. &#xA0;But really, he makes a Hell of a story, and you know how to tell it, Ellie.&quot;

-Ben, August 15

---

With expert skill, Oi quickly completes the strand of Ursi&apos;s hair and afterwards begins to snuggle into his bedding, totally engaged in Ellie&apos;s bedtime story. Laying on his back, he rubs his eyes cutely, and yawns quietly while attempting to remain alert through the entirety of the epic tale. He is somewhat mortified for Ellie that she shot her lover in their first encounter and his shocked eyes emphasized his emotion as she recounted how coldly she had turn upon the man.&#xA0;Throughout the story he identified with the long suffering determination he displayed. Oi&#xA0;had to stifle a short laugh when Ellie was captured in the snare and mumbled sleepily&#xA0;under his breath, &quot;Serves you right for shooting the poor guy if you&apos;re asking me...&quot;. He&#xA0;managed to remain untranced, largely through the awesomeness of Ellie&apos;s storytelling and the compelling subject matter of her tale moreso than his own abilities, throughout the entirety of her narrative. As she ended her story, his eyes closed with a sweet sleepy smile on his lips, and he sighed contentedly in his warm bedroll. He was happy with the ending, although he did find it intriguing that Ellie was the one who had suggested a <em>meal</em> with the man. That sort of aggression in a lady, especially that many years ago, was something not often heard of, let alone recounted.&#xA0;He was tired to his core from the past couple of days worth of physical exertion and for a few seconds he hovered on the divide between trance and full consciousness. <br><br>He was abruptly pulled back by Grace&apos;s praise for Ellie&apos;s recount of her adventure.&#xA0;The man&apos;s name was&#xA0;Maithiral. Apparently the rest of the group wasn&apos;t as in the dark regarding Ellie&apos;s past as himself. He made a small sleepy sound of interest at the discovery. He had always suspected she hunted something more than just animals. Like his younger sisters, she was too familiar with the movement and capabilities of a human to only have had experience on wild game. It was nice to finally have confirmation of that fact and he logged the information that she had hunted people away for later conversation.<br><br>&quot;Thank you for the beautiful story, Ellie&quot; Oi whispered sleepily. &quot;You&apos;ll have to tell us more stories of you and Maithiral another night,&quot; he yawns cutely, &quot;but now I need my beauty rest and I&apos;ve got the perfect beginning of a wonderful dream sequence brewing thanks to you.&quot; He sighs again, clearly enraptured by Ellie&apos;s tale, and settles further down in his bedroll so that only the tip of his nose, ears, eyes and hair were open to the air. He slips again into the world between worlds still trying to listen but also slowly drifting into dreams as well as trance threatened to arrive.&#xA0;

-Keith U., August 15

---

Surprised by Oi&apos;s reaction, Ielenia mumbled something unintelligible and immediately averted her eyes. <em>Shouldn&apos;t have insulted Ellie. Or me. </em>She thought, feeling a twinge of guilt. Stealing a second glance at Oi, she was releived to find him caught up in Ellie&apos;s story.<br><br>After Ellie&apos;s tale, Ielenia leaned over and placed her head on her sister&apos;s leg. She looked up, trying to discern whether or not Ellie would need comforting after sharing something so intimate.

-Rachel M., August 15

---

Ellie looked down at her sister and smiled gratefully at the reassuring contact.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Maithiral was a hopeless romantic- who tells someone who shot them that they are beautiful?- but it would have been deadly to mistake that for weakness. That softness was only for me. Besides, if I hadn&apos;t seen his fighting skills that evening, his pretty words would have meant nothing. That being said, they were very pretty words.&quot; <br><br>The blush on her face was faint but noticeable. She looked up from Ielenia and across the room to Grace.<br><br>&quot;You&apos;ve told me that before, that you wouldn&apos;t have gotten along... something to do with the lightning spells, too. You&apos;ll have to explain it to me at some point.&quot; She laughed lightly. &quot;Yet another story for you tell. I guess I&apos;ll have to start trading stories more evenly but I&apos;m glad you both enjoyed that one.&quot; She looked at Oi nestled in his bed, hoping he was still listening, &quot;It had the added bonus of letting you know what might happen if you catch me on a bad day. I could be sensitive about the extra thousand or so years you tacked on to my age.&#xA0;However, I&apos;m not sure what you mean about the good old days... you make it sound like I gave up shooting thieves at night.&quot; <br><br>Ellie&apos;s sleepy grin emphasized her teasing but it dissolved into yet another yawn.<br><br>&quot;I think it might be time for bed, hmm? I can tell more romantic and dangerous stories tomorrow.&quot;<br><br>

-Nicole, August 15 (edited: August 15)

---

Seeing Ellie and Ielenia&apos;s looks at Oi, Ursinalia defends saying &quot;oh, Oi didn&apos;t mean anything by his comments he is only speaking in jest i&apos;m sure. He likes to make jokes about everything you must remember he is still very young. Thank you for your story Ellie, and I agree I am very tired. good night.&quot;&#xA0;<br>

-Amber  F., August 15

---

Retreating to her own bedroll, Ielenia nods in agreement with Ellie and Ursi. She sleepily reaches for Ellie&apos;s hand, and holds it as she falls into her trance. Her eyes close before her head hits the mat.&#xA0; <br>

-Rachel M., August 16