&quot;Mmf.  After all those weeks of salted beef and rock-biscuits... this pork.  Oh my <em>Gods</em>, this pork.  Nerwenye, you&apos;re a saint, you know that?&quot;<br><br>Grace tosses the compliment over to the elven woman behind the bar between generous mouthfuls of her evening meal.  She finishes with alarming rapidity, glances about the (fairly well-populated) tavern, and then turns her attention to her comrades.<br><br>&quot;So, Ursinalia.  I guess I should do you the courtesy of clearing up the name thing.  For better of worse, you&apos;re in on this little conspiracy of ours, and you&apos;ve shown your face in public with mine, and you seem oddly unbothered by either of those facts.  I dig that.  So... anyway, as you heard earlier, I went by Tynfi in Afon, and that&apos;s what these loonies know me by.  I go by Grace here now.  Call me by either; I still rather like the name Tynfi, to be honest.  All I ask is that you use Grace in earshot of... ah... well, anybody from this city.  But if Eve remembers me by name, it&apos;d be Tynfi.  You get the idea.<br><br>&quot;Now, Ellie.  Don&apos;t you dare forget... you owe me a talk!&quot;<br>

-Ben, April 26

---

&quot;Ah well Grace it is. For now then, though I feel it is rather unimportant in the grand scheme. The nature of a person is what is really telling, not always the name. As for your &apos;conspiracy&apos; I am always happy to help a friend, Eve was there for me during a very difficult time. I have not made much progress on my own endeavors here lately. Perhaps it is time for another change of pace, I have never been one for remaining put for long...&quot; she trails off. <br><br>She raises an eyebrow at Ellie wondering what Grace could be expecting from her. <br><br>&quot;Anyhow, It was quite good to find our dear little Illyrio here is only pretending to be a slave, I am not fond of the idea of a soul owning another soul. It is not the way nature intended.&quot; <br><br>She glances down into her ale and takes a sip, she then picks at the pork on her own plate, listening, hoping to learn more about her new companions. 

-Amber  F., April 27

---

Quel drinks his ale sullenly. He sighs and says to no one in particular, &quot;Well I guess I can&apos;t complaint about playing excellently in 4 out of 5 auditions, still did my epic failure have to be for the rich people?! Ugh....how utterly mortifying.&quot;<br><br>He tries to shake off his disappointment by addressing the group, &quot;So, I canvased the whole marketplace and the docks between auditions looking for this book of tongues. There&apos;s only a few rumors out there about it but nothing substantial. That being said, Thrask is out, merchants are out, dock people are out, that leaves other nobles and the halflings. Please tell me you guys have better news than I do.&quot;<br><br>He reclines lazily on the two legs of his chair and sips more ale, still ruing his terrible audition.

-Keith U., April 27

---

Ellie stood at the bar waiting for her drink from Nerwenye.
She surveyed the tavern to find her party at a table before her hand went
subtly from her pouch to her mouth and dropped to her side. Moments later,
drink and food in hand, she took her seat with them, just in time to hear Tynfi
explaining the name situation. She flushed with embarrassment, knowing that the
reason the explanation was needed in the first place was her fault.<br><br>
She eyed Tynfi cautiously as she asked, &#x201C;I apologized for the name mixup, <em>Grace</em>. So what is there to
talk about?&#x201D;. <br><br>
Ellie turned back to her plate. She wanted to make sure she didn&apos;t say too much again so she
left Quel&#x2019;s question alone for a few moments while she ate and gathered her
thoughts. She devoured the rabbit she had ordered. &#x201C;Now <em>this </em>is food! Ursinalia, you must show me where you caught them.&#x201D;<br>

-Nicole, April 27

---

Ursinalia smiles widely. &quot;Sure dear. You seem one that could keep up with the hunt. Perhaps next time you should come with me? It would be nice to have some company again.&quot; 

-Amber  F., April 27

---

&quot;That would be... enjoyable.&quot; Ellie returned her smile despite the fact that she was still eating. &quot;I haven&apos;t hunted in far too long. Although, it&apos;s been much longer since I&apos;ve hunted with anyone else. Do you usually hunt alone?&quot;

-Nicole, April 27

---

&quot;It has been a while I suppose, I used to hunt with my family, My father taught me as a child and I would hunt with my younger brother to gather food. I left my home village of Paeranniea only five years ago when I took my Druidic Rites. Since then I have had the occasional woodsman join me but no one skilled. Nothing comparable to hunting with someone who just knows the ways of the trees and the animals. Someone who...no words are required but you just know what to do.. Someone  not just truly at ease with the forest but truly belongs there.&quot; <br><br>Ursinalia smiles wistfully then resumes drinking ale. <br>

-Amber  F., April 27

---

Grace crosses her arms.<br><br>&quot;Ellie.  If you don&apos;t want me in your business, that&apos;s fine.  But don&apos;t insult me by pretending nothing is wrong.  At any rate, I wish I could convince you to lay off the damn ale, because one of these days I&apos;m going to join you and... ugh, fucking hell.  Just... later or alone is fine if you&apos;d prefer either of those.&quot;<br><br>... and she puts her feet up on the table.  She looks about the tavern, again, to make sure nobody is listening in.<br><br>&quot;And, oh, cheer up, Quel.  You don&apos;t need the respect of the rich and powerful.  Frankly, I wouldn&apos;t <em>want</em> it, either.  The rich and powerful around here might be a little more up-front than they are in some places, but they still have the usual hard-on for having their boots on someone&apos;s neck.  Worse, even.  These fuckers drive slaves, the fucking gussied-up swine.  Speaking of which, we <em>did</em> wind up with a decent lead on this Tome of Tongues.  Some looters tried to make off with it, and it was supposed to have been seized by the Warlord&apos;s men at the docks.  Apparently, the little folk of halfton lifted it and are now holding it with the intention to sell it back to the elves for a truly extravagant amount of gold.  But here&apos;s where it gets fun.  Gold buys favors.  It oils axles.  They plan on turning that gold into an organized effort to take back this city of theirs.<br><br>&quot;And that&apos;s where, I believe, we come in.  If we can show that we can make good their plans without necessitating that sale, we can negotiate its transfer to ourselves, to dispose with as we please.  Presumably to fulfill our promise to Eve and earn our pay, if we can trust her with it.<br><br>&quot;Anyway, our man in halfton is a grumpy one by the name of Fastolph.  And his pint-sized muscle, Zenric, who apparently has made a point of digging up our shit.  At some point it will be good to know <em>how</em> he knows so much about us, but I digress.  They have us doing their shit work, presumably to see if we can be trusted as the centerpiece of their efforts.  I happen think it&apos;ll be good fun.<br><br>&quot;One last thing: let it not be said that I don&apos;t appreciate your efforts on the streets.  It&apos;ll be good to know our way around the tavern circuit like that.  I suspect your efforts in the <em>sheets</em> will be quite a bit less useful to us.  Alas, we all have our vices.&quot;<br>

-Ben, April 27

---

&quot;I didn&apos;t mean to insult-&quot; Ellie interrupted her own protest. Maybe it came out harsher than she&apos;d meant. &quot;I just don&apos;t want... There&apos;s a lot of people and... alone, please, Grace, lac-&quot; Ellie almost choked herself swallowing the rhyme. She gripped her ale and tried to shake herself back into focus. &quot;I would prefer to talk alone. But, let&apos;s work first?&quot; <br><br>She dropped her voice to a whisper, &quot;All they want us to do is find... Kormathal... for them? That shouldn&apos;t be too difficult with as much as he&apos;s been drinking recently. I don&apos;t remember him drinking quite so much wine... but traveling between taverns should be fun in itself.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, April 27 (edited: April 27)

---

&quot;Huh,&quot; Quel grunts, clearly impressed, &quot;Guess you guys did have better luck than I did. So what&apos;s the story with this Kormathal guy and why did you guys come looking for me rather than him? Seems like Els is familiar enough with him to get the job done. I don&apos;t have any history with him and elves are notoriously difficult to charm.&quot; He rocks back and forth on his chair contemplatively and starts to smoke once again.

-Keith U., April 27

---

Grace cracks a smile.<br><br>&quot;Sure, Ellie.  Work, work, lurk, smirk, my dear.<br><br>&quot;Kormathal.  He&apos;s causing trouble for our new little friends.  Drunken blustering in the streets on how the shorter folk are the fount of the world&apos;s evils.  As you may have heard, he frequents the Golden Son for its splendid elven wines.  It&apos;s enough to cause one to suspect that drunken blustering is a well-paying gig.<br><br>&quot;We&apos;re to find him and ensure that he sees the errors in his reasoning.  For my part, I figured it would be a simple thing to scare him straight with physical evidence for the <em>real</em> fount of the world&apos;s evils...&quot;<br><br>She idly strokes one of her horns a few times to emphasize her point.<br><br>&quot;... but I believe Ellie should take charge of this one.  As for finding you before we got started... a bit of a compulsion, I suppose.  I, for one, am not used to crews operating short a few hands were it can be avoided.&quot;

-Ben, April 28 (edited: April 28)

---

Quel gives an affable smile, &quot;Well, if Ellie&apos;s taking point we might want to come up with a backup plan. From my experience she&apos;s honest and a little blunt. I <em>might</em> be able to persuade him to be reasonable but depending on how drunk or belligerent he is I&apos;m not sure how effective rational proceedings are going to be with him. As I said, I could Suggest that he leave town or something but  given that he&apos;s an elf, that&apos;ll be a tall order. Force might be required and for that I&apos;d like a plan AND maximum deniability. Anybody got any ideas on that? I for one would proffer poisoning his wine. He seems to drink quite a bit of it. What else do we have on tap?&quot;

-Keith U., April 28 (edited: April 28)

---

&quot;Poisoned wine?  Hm.  Very clean; very deniable indeed... if we have a place we can get the poison discreetly.  Or, I can disguise myself as a guardsman or warrior and do the deed... face... to...&quot;<br><br>Grace trails off, her eyes widening.  They dart first to Ellie, and then to the mug in her hands, and then over to the bar.<br><br>&quot;You&apos;re right, Ellie, this is a discussion best  had over a bit of drink.  Nerwenye!  My angel!  Ale, please!&quot;

-Ben, April 28 (edited: April 28)

---

Quel exhales a copious amount of smoke and laughs knowingly. &quot;Didn&apos;t think that would last. Good to have you back, Tynf.&quot; He winks and raises his glass of whisky in salute.

-Keith U., April 28 (edited: April 28)

---

<span style="font-family: &quot;arial&quot; ; color: rgb( 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap ; background-color: transparent">Ellie bristled at the conversation between Grace and Quel that was unfolding in front of her.<br><br>&quot;Are you seriously talking about poisoning my friend, lend, sen-&quot; She stopped short and gripped her cup so hard her knuckles were white. &quot;Because some halfling needs him to stop asking questions? Of cooourse it&apos;s much easier to trust the man who seems to know everything about us, yet we just met, and who holds a very important book that we need. No reason to get involved in messy things like questioning Kormathal to find out his side or, I don&apos;t know, talking to him.&quot; <br><br>Ellie closed her eyes and took a few deep breaths. When she opened them again, she took a rather large swig of ale. <br><br>&quot;I&apos;ll handle it. I&apos;ve known him for longer than either of you have been alive. Don&apos;t worry though. If my blunt delivery doesn&apos;t work to silence him, between Grace&apos;s horns and the elven wine, your backup plans sound solid. Real solid. Poison him...&quot; she said, rolling her eyes.<br><br>Ellie took another large drain from her cup, pausing to look at Grace over the rim, perplexed at her order. <br><br>&quot;Did you want me to get you that ale... sail, watch your tail... Grace?&quot; She didn&#x2019;t even try to stop the rhyme this time.</span>

-Nicole, April 28 (edited: April 28)

---

Grace stares hard at the table, murmuring.<br><br>&quot;No, Quel, she&apos;s right.  What the Hell has he done to deserve to be <em>murdered</em>?&quot;<br><br>She slides her feet off the table and stands to go await her ale at the bar.

-Ben, April 28

---

Ellie stared after Grace quizzically. She rose from the table and crossed the tavern to follow her, lightly leaping from foot to foot instead of walking.  She sat down next to her, giving the tiefling some space, and ordered an ale for herself. It was delivered almost immediately. She sat quietly sipping, unsure how to arrange all the questions floating around her head in some kind of coherent fashion. After a few moments, she spoke softly.<br><br>&quot;That sounded like a familiar conversation... for you...&quot; She fumbled on her words. &quot;The ale<em> is</em> great... but you don&apos;t seem... are you ok?&quot;

-Nicole, April 28

---

Ursinalia looks after the two at the bar then at Quel inquiringly, &quot;whats with all the rhyming?&quot;

-Amber  F., April 28

---

Quel takes a loooooooong drag from his pipe and narrows his eyes almost imperceptibly at Ursi&apos;s question. The she elf was beautiful but she was an unknown quantity. How truthful should he be? Do Tynfi and Ellie trust her? <br><br>He takes a sip of whisky and then exhales all the smoke he&apos;s been holding in his lungs out of his nostrils. He lets the thick smoke plume around his face and shroud his features, obscuring any reaction he may betray in speaking. While waiting for the smoke to rise, he winds his dreads absentmindedly, and smiles warmly. Finally hidden, he answers, &quot;Graci has a bit of a sarcastic streak and Ranger Els there is working through some personal issues. Best I can tell she&apos;s under some sort of rhyming compulsion although I can only begin to speculate the root cause. Probably some sort of chemical imbalance in her brain.&quot;<br><br><div>He chuckles softly to himself. &quot;So what&apos;s your story eh love? Not the druid hunter thing now,  but the real stuff, don&apos;t be shy.&quot;<br></div>

-Keith U., April 28 (edited: April 28)

---

Grace avoids eye contact, preferring instead to fixate on her new mug.<br><br>&quot;I... wasn&apos;t going to be here for long.  Just a few minutes and an ale or two.  Just two... to... stay calm... ugh, listen to me lie to myself.  You didn&apos;t have to come fetch me.&quot;<br><br>She buys a little more time with a prodigious gulp of ale, and then she works up the nerve to turn to face Ellie.<br><br>&quot;But you did.  No, I&apos;m not okay.  I was wrong to... listen, <em>you&apos;re</em> in charge of Kormathal, okay?  I won&apos;t have anything to do with it&#x2014;I can&apos;t&#x2014;unless you absolutely need me.  And... I know something is bothering you, but you don&apos;t need to share it with me if you don&apos;t want to.  You probably shouldn&apos;t.  I don&apos;t think I can help.&quot;<br><br>Grace drains the last of her ale and orders another.

-Ben, April 28

---

&#x201C;Ah right well my dear&#x2026;&#x201D; Ursinalia says as she leans over
the table seductively, she stops when her face is within a foot of Quel&#x2019;s. She
gives a half smile and reaches her hand slowly for the hand holding the pipe
between his lips, as if asking a question. When Quel doesn&#x2019;t resist she gracefully
plucks the pipe from his fingers, takes a short drag on it still leaning in.
She lets out a perfect ring of smoke and blows it toward him while she sets the
pipe back in the hand still where it was before while holding the pipe to his
mouth.<br><br>
She sits back in her chair with a mischievous grin, &#x201C; I&#x2019;m just
afraid there is no escaping the druid hunter thing.&#x201D; She sighs, &#x201C;I was raised
among the Druids of Paeranniea, my family among the founders of the small
southern forest village. I have spent the five years hence doing the &#x2018;druid
hunter thing,&#x2019; I stayed for quite a while in Pwll Glo where I studied under Myrridin,
that&#x2019;s where I met Eve of course. I became <em>very
fond</em> of several of his apprentices&#x201D; Her expression is wistful &#x201C;It is also
where I learned about the unnatural phenomenon up here in the sea. You know the
water that turns into blood? Actually it looks just like that wine you drank,&#x201D;
she giggles &#x201C;I&#x2019;ve spent all of my time since here researching it to try to find
the cause. I am charged with the preservation of nature as a druid and I can
think of no better focus for my attentions.&#x201D; She smirks slightly at the word
&#x2018;attentions&#x2019;. <br><br>
&#x201C;See, I am not so interesting, As far as stories go&quot; pause&quot;  I&#x2019;m sure
yours is most amusing though&#x201D; She giggles at her own rhyming then gives Quel an expectant look. <br>

-Amber  F., April 29

---

&quot;No,  you can&apos;t.&quot; Ellie stared at cup for moment. &quot;Not at all. But since when has that been a requirement for talking? &quot; She smiled and laughed musically. She lifted her drink to Nerwenye and pushed enough money across the bar that at least the next few were covered. &quot;And I didn&apos;t come over here to fetch you,  as you put it. I came to have a drink with you and see if you were alright. Hell knows we haven&apos;t had a drink since...&quot;<br><br><em>Had it really been that long? </em><br><br>&quot;Since before the ship ride over. Now you&apos;re ordering ale and talking about killing off people all the same breath. What is going on with you? &quot; She turned to face Tyn- <em>Grace- s</em>urely she would get used to this name change sooner or later- and drank more of her ale.  &quot;And why do you know about poisoned wine?&quot;

-Nicole, April 29 (edited: April 29)

---

Quel smiles wider than normal. &quot;I apologize for being so rude and not offering you a smoke. No one else in our little group smokes very much so I&apos;ve grown to assume that no one wishes to partake with me.  That difference alone makes you somewhat more interesting than this lot.&quot; <br><br>He continues to recline lazily in his chair and blows smoke rings toward the ceiling. He tosses his dreads to the opposite side of his head and begins, &quot;My story is fairly dull and I&apos;m not exceedingly fond of sharing it. As a bard, I generally prefer telling, or collecting, other people&apos;s stories. That said, I&apos;ll give you the truncated version of my brief history. I am the orphan son of a whore. I have no known living family and very few friends. I went to bard school at a very young age. Apparently I was an excellent student because I graduated well ahead of schedule. Barding just came natural to me. Since I graduated I&apos;ve been wandering, playing towns, collecting stories, and enjoying myself.&quot;<br><br>Apparently satisfied with his monologue he drains the rest of his whisky. He makes eye contact with Nerwenye across the bar and raises his empty glass with a fake pouty frown. She rolls her eyes but smiles in amusement and pours Quel another round. Quel, in his typical laconic fashion, manifests his Mage Hand by the bar, accepts the drink from Nerwenye, and floats it back to the table where he sips it contemplatively.<br><br>&quot;What subrace of elf are you?&quot; he asks over his drink with a moderately raised eyebrow.

-Keith U., April 29

---

&quot;Ellie!  You&apos;re too... you&apos;re... you don&apos;t fucking deserve this.&quot;<br><br>Grace hesitates.  She closes her eyes, runs her hand through her hair, and opens them again.<br><br>&quot;It&apos;s in my blood, Ellie.  In my blood.... a fire.  You remember when you first kissed your beloved, or when you imagine him in your arms?  That <em>fire</em> in your breast?  My fire burns... but not for love, or even lust.  Mine&#x2014;ours&#x2014;burns for <em>cruelty</em>.  For lying, cheating, stealing, killing.  I&apos;m a child of Hell, and I&apos;m here to do Hell&apos;s work, whether I like it or not.<br><br>&quot;I once sought to wash it with whiskey, whether or not I knew I was doing that at the time.  And it worked.  Booze numbs you in ways you could never have expected.  Then I thought... I could cope, that it was more important to be there for... and now...&quot;<br><br>More ale.  Grace has nearly polished off her second within these first five minutes.<br><br>&quot;I had a lot of time to think on that ship.  To think, to brood, to steep... to meet with my sober mind and to know every corner of it again.  And for all that misery... at least I can now articulate why you lot should keep me no closer than an arm-and-a-sword&apos;s length away.  But what I meant to do was to douse that fire, and within three days ashore I&apos;ve fucked it all up again.  It&apos;s fucking hopeless.&quot;

-Ben, April 29 (edited: April 29)

---

&#x201C;I&#x2019;m certainly not opposed to the occasional smoke, but of
course I am a wood elf,&#x201D; Ursinalia said leaning back with with a giggle, &#x201C; I&#x2019;d
have thought the druid hunter thing gave that away.&#x201D; She winked. &#x201C; Anyways I don&#x2019;t
spend most of my days in the city, I&#x2019;m usually out on the farms or in the woods&#x2026;&#x201D;
She trailed off. <br><br>
Abruptly, She sat up straight as if remembering something
important. <br><br>
&#x201C;Speaking of elves though, do you remember the two high
elves we saw in the Golden Son? I think I recognized them. They are elven
royalty, it&#x2019;s only my best guess but I&#x2019;d bet they were here about Prostivitaly, the
fallen elven city. It&#x2019;s sat in ruins so long it&#x2019;s about time someone did
something about it.&#x201D; Ursinalia said, excitement clear on her face and in her
voice. <br>

-Amber  F., April 29

---

<span style="font-family: &quot;arial&quot; ; color: rgb( 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap ; background-color: transparent">Ellie waved for two more ales for Grace and one for herself. <br><br>&quot;Of course I remember how it feels... it didn&apos;t just... go away.&quot; She ran her finger on the edge of the cup before she continued. Her voice was gentle when she spoke. &quot;What I don&apos;t remember is letting you decide if I keep you at arm&apos;s length or not. I&apos;ve known what you are since the minute I saw you. It&apos;s kind of hard to forget.&quot; She lightly tapped the tip of one of Grace&apos;s horns. &quot;But Hell&apos;s blood or not, you still have been choosing how much you give into it. Exploring sobriety. Having me deal with Kormathal. Dousing that fire of yours in ale. Pretty okay choices. And the fact that you made a choice not to cut my throat yet while I sleep seems pretty promising. So forgive me if I don&apos;t buy into the fact that it and you are... fucking hopeless.&quot;<br><br>Ellie took a really long drink and grabbed another cup.<br><br>&quot;If you want, I can give you some of my herbs. I can tell you, once you take some with ale, they numb...&quot;  she looked at her cup curiously, &quot;Just. About. Everything.&quot;</span>

-Nicole, April 29 (edited: April 29)

---

Quel stares in abject humiliation for a moment, scarcely believing what Ursi had said. &quot;Do you mean to tell me that I auditioned that <em>routinely</em> before <em>Royalty</em>?!&quot; His eyes widen momentarily before he relaxes again. Sigh, &quot;Well,&quot; he says with an inward grimace, &quot;that&apos;s somewhat irritating.&quot; He shrugs one shoulder and tosses his dreads to the other side of his head, &quot;Oh well, no sense in dwelling on that fact any longer, nothing I can do to change it at this juncture.&quot; <br><br>With an abrupt and positive change in his mood, he smiles widely again, &quot;A wood elf, eh <em>moni&apos;ame</em>? I should&apos;ve guessed. The blond hair threw me off though I must say. Where does it come from in your family?&quot;<br>

-Keith U., April 29

---

Grace gives Ellie a deeply conflicted look.<br><br>&quot;I... don&apos;t know what to say.&quot;<br><br>She pauses to think... and drink some more of her ale.<br><br>&quot;I don&apos;t know.  I <em>don&apos;t know</em>.  I&apos;ve kept it down recently, but that&apos;s just that&#x2014;I&apos;ll always have that wickedness, deep down there.  If it&apos;s even all that deep.  I don&apos;t know what that makes me.&quot;<br><br>She pushes around her mug on the table and sits in silence for a short time.  When she finally speaks, she speaks softly, barely audible in the din of the tavern.<br><br>&quot;Ellie... Eiliatae, thank you.  I&apos;ve never had anybody to tell this to.  I hope your arrows fly true if you have to take me down.&quot;<br>

-Ben, April 29

---

&quot;Grace, if it came to that, if I ever let it get to that point... you would be dead before you even knew I shot them.&quot; <br><br>Ellie drank deeply as she absorbed the gravity of the statement, then set her ale down on the bar.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m not here to judge you. I&apos;m just here to listen. To make sure you&apos;re ok. I think we are probably at that point between us now, no? I don&apos;t know what that wickedness makes you. Perhaps it just makes you, you. Just try to remember you have a choice. If you find yourself wanting something to help you douse that wickedness for a little while, just let me know. So you know, I wasn&apos;t kidding about the herbs. But if not, if you want to give into that Hell&apos;s blood of yours, at least try to murder the truly evil people in the world. Gods know there&apos;s enough of them...&quot; <br><br>She sat quiet for a moment before she picked up her drink again and said, &quot;I think you are quite right- drinks and talk of Death do go very well together.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, April 30 (edited: April 30)

---

&quot;I appreciate the offer, but whiskey is my first love, ale is a passionate fling, and I&apos;ve got not much more room in my life right now.<br><br>&quot;... Ugh.  Am I throwing away all that effort on the ship right now?  If I admit to myself that I am, is that <em>really </em>going to change what I&apos;m going to do tonight?  Do I have a choice?  I told R&#x2014;&quot;<br><br>Grace has a hearty swig.<br><br>&quot;Oh no.  Ellie, I have <em>problems.</em>  I mean, you knew that... even before I did, maybe.  But they&apos;re mine, not yours, and you don&apos;t deserve to have to listen to me wallow in them for the rest of the night.&quot;<br><br>She begins to motion for Ellie to join her back at the table, but cuts it short with a look.<br><br>&quot;Ellie.  You... I know I said I&apos;d be rotten help, and I mean that.  But you&apos;ve been of a mood, and I <em>am</em> dreadfully curious.&quot;

-Ben, April 30

---

&quot;Wallow, swallow, drink them down...&quot; Ellie smiles mischievously and snatches the mug from Grace&apos;s hand. &quot;Choices...&quot; She waves it in the air before she hands it back with a giggle. &quot;But don&apos;t drink the water... there&apos;s blood in it...&quot;<br><br>Her laugh died on her lips. &quot;Don&apos;t we usually have at least a few more drinks together before I start spilling my thoughts to you?&quot; She smiled weakly, tilting her own mug to look at the liquid inside. <br><br>&quot;I mean the drinks make it easier, less... sharp. But the herbs are better... I&#x2019;m surprised you noticed&#x2026;&#x201D; She sighed. &#x201C;But once again, we are sharing stories, and you know most of this one, so I guess...&quot; Her face creased with pain and she started talking to the bar instead of Grace&apos;s face. <br><br>&#x201C;When Maithiral died, there was so much blood. It was everywhere; the forest floor was soaked. Maybe that&apos;s why I fell... leaves covered with Life, calling Death... When it replays in my head, all I can see is the axe. And his face, completely vacant, drained of expression, hope... life... as the axe cuts him open... and the arrow, that miracle arrow, that comes just too late. I was supposed to protect him, guard him. Instead, I just keep watching him die over and over. No matter how many ways I imagine it, I can never get there. I should have been the one to shoot that arrow&#x2026; to save him&#x2026;&#x201D; She broke her thoughts by draining her mug of ale, attempting to keep her composure.<br><br>&#x201C;I didn&#x2019;t think I would see that much blood ever again. But then I saw Roan die&#x2026; his body just laying there, in that crimson pool. I had the chance to save him, to send him the same unbelievable arrow I had received. Two arrows at Merdraut and they just sailed past him. How do <em>I </em>miss? <em>Twice</em>?&#x201D; Ellie barked out an odd laugh. &#x201C;Maybe I would need your blessing to kill you after all. Did you know I promised his friend Gwhair that I would protect him, watch over him? His dying wish was that I watch over Roan, as I had been trying to do for eighteen years&#x2026; and yet, again, I watched him die.&#x201D;<br><br>She looked up at Grace, her face haunted, &quot;So what good has my life been if the two people I swore to protect have died, right in front of me? And I did <em>nothing</em> to save them. What if Gwyn hadn&#x2019;t been able to bring Roan back? I keep trying to remind myself that she did but then all I can think is why didn&#x2019;t someone tell me about that spell so I could bring back my love? So I could think of his face without feeling like I will die from loss and guilt and regret that I just&#x2026; couldn&#x2019;t get there&#x2026; I laid there and&#x2026; there was so much blood...&quot;<br><br>Ellie laughed, bordering on hysteria. &quot;How fitting that we sailed the ocean and across a sea of blood to come this place, surrounded by water, where they worship Death... my own personal Hell. Punishment for breaking a promise to a dying man, scan, span the Veil&#x2026; and failing to protect my beloved...&#x201D; She grabbed a cup and closed her eyes as she drank.<br>

-Nicole, April 30 (edited: April 30)

---

Grace&apos;s eyes widen almost imperceptibly, and after a moment, her thoughts pour forth.<br><br>&quot;Ellie, calm down.  <em>Please</em> calm down.  Gods, Ellie, is this you?  Or is this those damn weeds you&apos;ve been eating?  Ellie, you&apos;re the gentlest soul I&apos;ve ever crossed paths with.  Well, close running with someone I met in Afon.  But you&apos;re <em>way</em> more helpful than he was, so you have the edge.  Point is, there is... <em>no way</em> you deserve to feel this way about yourself!  I refuse to believe it.  Fuck.  You know what I hadn&apos;t thought about until just now?  I <em>believe</em> in your goodness, your soul.  I have to.  I have to have someone&apos;s virtue to be jealous of, or something; I think that&apos;s how the priests say this bullshit is supposed to work.  Don&apos;t do this to me, Ellie.  I don&apos;t care how many people have gone and gotten themselves killed on your watch&#x2014;and mine, for that matter&#x2014;you&apos;re the best person I&apos;ve ever met.  Let me <em>have</em> that, dammit.&quot;

-Ben, May 01

---

Ursinalia giggles again with the realization that the prince and princess may have heard Quel&apos;s performance at the Golden Son. <br><br>&quot;Perhaps we should ask for a another audience hmm?, maybe they will give you a second chance at that audition, Surely it couldn&apos;t go wrong again&quot; she snickers with more than a drop of sarcasm in her voice. <br><br>Then seriously, &quot;The blonde comes from my mother.&quot; Ursinalia twirls a strand around her right index finger as she speaks. &quot;My family has not always been in the forests, My mother&apos;s grandfather was one of five elders who left their Elven cities to build Paeranniea. It was meant to be a place to commune with nature and it blossomed, into a beautiful village. I&apos;m certain i&apos;d love to go back there someday, if i can complete the tasks I have set before myself.&quot; <br><br>Ursinalia, pauses. She looks at the bar to see Ellie and Grace are speaking very intently. Grace says something about weeds that catches Ursi&apos;s attention briefly. <em>Perhaps Ellie is a herbalist too, she is quite intriguing. </em>She smiles at the two at the bar, nods at Nerwenye for another drink, then looks about the room searching for the others from this strange group of adventurers. <em>There is no sign of the young man, or the halfling Illyrio. Surely he isn&apos;t off by himself somewhere, right? Wasn&apos;t there another elf girl around yesterday too? I wonder where she went off to? <br><br></em>Nerwenye brings the drink to the table, and places a hand on Ursi&apos;s shoulder as she passes. Ursi puts a hand on Nerwenye&apos;s in a brief warm sign of friendship. She begins sipping from the glass and looks back up at Quel. <br><br>&quot;Where have the rest of your friends gone?&quot; <br><br>

-Amber  F., May 01

---

Quel watches Nerwenye leave with all the interest of a connoisseur. Turning his attention back to Ursi as Nerwenye fades into the crowd, he hears her question. He smiles, as is his nature, but it doesn&apos;t reach his eyes, &quot;Friend is a such a loose term&quot;, he punctuates this with a slight shrug and a huhmp, &quot;but that&apos;s more than a mild digression from your inquiry. To be truthful, I have no idea. I generally make no habit of keeping track of other people for hope that, when I&apos;m gone, they&apos;ll take no notice and ask few questions upon my return. This group of ours is slightly removed from that sentiment but while I generally keep them in the loop on most things, my adventures today aside, it doesn&apos;t seem that shortstuff, the kid, or &apos;Nia have deemed it important enough to keep me in their confidence in this particular instance. I&apos;m sure they&apos;ll turn up eventually although &apos;Rio is supremely quiet so don&apos;t hold your breath on him entertaining you for hours on end.&quot; He finishes this with a rueful smile and pauses to take a few sips of his whisky and a few more pulls on his pipe. He contemplatively blows the smoke out in one continuous stream toward the ceiling and looks down with a wolfish grin that&apos;s mostly hidden behind his glass. &quot;Your laugh is cute, where does <em>that </em>come from?&quot; he says in his honeyed baritone.<br>

-Keith U., May 02 (edited: May 02)

---

<span style="font-family: &quot;arial&quot; ; color: rgb( 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap ; background-color: transparent">Ellie opened her mouth to protest but the words just wouldn&#x2019;t come. She put one hand to her head and massaged her temples before raking it through her hair. <br><br>&quot;Grace, I-&quot; She looked away and took a tiny sip of ale.<br><br>&#x201C;I have spent my entire life trying to protect the people I care for. I lost so many people I loved when I was small; I wanted to keep the few who were left from meeting Death too soon. But I haven&#x2019;t had to think about anyone but my parents and my brother for a while. I&apos;ve been hunting alone for most of the past twenty years, almost always by choice. There&#x2019;s been no one to watch, no one to care about if they die. And then I&apos;m thrown together with our group in Pwll Glo. I didn&apos;t think anything of it. I thought that it wouldn&apos;t last, just thought our group was for the games. But, then, it wasn&apos;t. Suddenly, I have more people in my life that I... I&#x2019;m not sure I could stand to lose. Losing Maithiral just hurt so much.&quot;<br><br>She raised her hand in front of her face, mouthing a few words, and tiny lightning sparks jumped from finger to finger. A sad smile crossed her face as she balled up her hand and laid it back on the bar.<br><br>&#x201C;I haven&#x2019;t talked to anyone outside my family about him. I just haven&#x2019;t wanted to wade through that pain. You and Ielenia are the first people I&#x2019;ve talked about it with since it happened. Grace, I haven&apos;t had... I mean, you are probably the closest I&apos;ve come to having a friend in decades. I gave you my darkest thoughts, my fears, the things I am most ashamed of, and, somehow, you say you believe in my goodness anyway? &#x201D; <br><br>Ellie shook her head, bewildered. She looked up and met Grace&#x2019;s eyes.<br><br>&#x201C;It just means a lot.&#x201D;<br><br>Her eyes flicked away for a moment, her brow furrowed in thought. She hesitated before her hand moved down to the pouch on her belt and slowly untied it. She clutched it tightly in her hand as she brought it to her chest.<br><br>&#x201C;You should probably hold onto these. I think they are liable to make me mad if I continue to take them.&#x201D;</span>

-Nicole, May 02

---

Grace accepts the pouch if Ellie is actually willing to give it up.<br><br>&quot;Yes, I do believe in that.  I should know a thing or two about depravity, shouldn&apos;t I?  And&#x2014;I should hope&#x2014;a thing or two about you, by now.  Of course, magic... is not something I knew about you.  He taught you, I take it?&quot;<br><br>She glances at her mug on the bartop.  She&apos;s been slowing down, it seems.<br><br>&quot;Hm.  Want to talk about more pleasant things?  It&apos;s not my forte, but I can make the special effort tonight.  Or we could enlist the aid of our, uh, curious new friend back at the table.&quot;

-Ben, May 02 (edited: May 02)

---

Ellie relinquished the pouch with reluctance.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m not very good at that one but, yes, he did. Nothing like your magic, of course. I&apos;ve been practicing with it a bit but I&apos;m rusty. The arrow spells, now those I&apos;m skilled with.&quot;<br><br>She looked back to the table at Ursinalia with interest.<br><br>&quot;They actually might be quite useful hunting with her.&quot;<br><br>Turning back to Grace, she exhaled heavily. <br><br>&quot;The night hasn&apos;t started out quite as I thought. I was supposed to be listening to you, not the other way around. So, yes, something pleasant, please.&quot; She laughed genuinely. &quot;And you can be pleasant if you want to. <br><br><div>Ellie put her hand on Grace&apos;s arm in a silent gesture of companionship. She rose to go to the table but stopped mid-stride to turn around and grab her ale from the bar.<br><br>&quot;Can&apos;t drink the water, right?&quot;, she said with a shrug. She tilted her head sideways and looked at Grace. &quot;If you want, I&apos;ve already paid for a few more for both of us. But I don&apos;t want to ruin... all your work from the ship. I can sit away from you if it will help.&quot; <br><br>She looked back at the table and motioned for Grace to join her. &quot;Let&apos;s go talk to our new hunter, shall we?&quot;</div>

-Nicole, May 02 (edited: May 02)

---

Grace wears her first smile since their earlier exodus from the table.<br><br>&quot;Ah, pfft.  I <em>need</em> this tonight.  I appreciate the concern, though.  And supposed to this, supposed to that... I rather prefer things not to go as they&apos;re <em>supposed</em> to.&quot;<br><br>Grace grabs a pair of ales, and the two return to Ursinalia and Quel.  She deposits one of the drinks on the table and puts her feet up.<br><br>&quot;I trust you two haven&apos;t wilted away for want of our wonderful company?  Goooood.  I hope you&apos;re thirsty.&quot;

-Ben, May 02 (edited: May 02)

---

Ursinalia laughs quietly at Quel&apos;s remark, but doesn&apos;t blush. &quot;Well that will just have to remain a mystery for now&quot; she says looking up she sees Grace and Ellie making there way back to the table. <br><br>Ursinalia Smiles at Ellie, &quot; Welcome back.&quot; <br>

-Amber  F., May 02

---

Ellie returned Ursinalia&apos;s smile as she sat at the table, placing her ale and another full cup on the table. <br><br>&quot;Sorry that we were gone so long. I trust Quel was... polite while we were at the bar.&quot; <br><br>She raised an eyebrow at Quel through the smoky haze surrounding him. <br><br>&quot;We brought drinks, but I see Nerwenye has already beat us to that.&quot; She drank the ale in her hand and looked back to Ursinalia. &quot;So what did we miss?&quot;<br>

-Nicole, May 02

---

&quot;Quel and I were trading stories,&quot; ursinalia says giving quel a bold smile. <br><br>&quot;I did recall while you were gone that I recognized those two elves in the golden son as the prince and princess. I can only guess that the reason they we here may have to do with prostivitaly.&quot; Ursinalia laughs inwardly again at quels dismay about his performance in front of the elves.  

-Amber  F., May 02

---

Ellie straightened up. &quot;The Prince and Princess are <em>here</em>? What would they be doing with Protsvitaly now? We haven&apos;t been - I thought no one had been there in centuries.&quot;

-Nicole, May 02

---

Quel removes his smoldering gaze from Ursi, &quot;Pity.&quot; Turning his attention to Tynfi he retorts with fiegned indignance to Ellie&apos;s comment, &quot;and when have I ever not been polite?&quot; punctuating himself with an, eyes closed, golden-boy smile.

-Keith U., May 02 (edited: May 02)

---

&quot;Quel?  Impolite?  <em>Never</em>.&quot;<br><br>Grace remains facing Quel, but her eyes slide innocently over to Ursinalia.<br><br>&quot;You know, for a certain definition of impolite.&quot;

-Ben, May 02

---

&quot;SPEAKING OF IMPOLITE!  Ursinalia, I wanna know something... hm... fascinating about you.  My favorites are usually deep secrets and closeted skeletons, but I&apos;m feeling... oh... a liiiittle more whimsical right now.  Old flames?  Animal friends in the forest?  Ever sit at a street corner and strike up conversations just for the hell of it?&quot;

-Ben, May 03

---

Looking at Ellie, &quot;I&apos;m really not sure what it&apos;s about but It would be wonderful to start moving toward rebuilding the city, getting rid of all of the <em>unnatural </em>forces at work there currently, don&apos;t you agree? Maybe they are looking for help to that very thing! Then the elves could.. &quot;  <br><br>Ursnialia&apos;s head snaps toward grace when she hears her outburst. <em>My aren&apos;t they all very bold. it probably has to do with the amount of alcohol being imbibed...  </em>Ursinalia looks thoughtfully at grace wondering if she should indulge her or not. <em>Would it be too risky to do so right now, right here? Nerwenye would have a fit, she certainly doesn&apos;t need to see that side of me... but maybe these people, these adventurers do, maybe they should know exactly what kind of forces they are dealing with.. how </em>useful<em> i could be. It would be oh so much fun, I think Bear would really enjoy herself, then again perhaps it would just scare them off... <br><br>&quot;</em>Animal friends in the forest huh? Well I do have some of those.&quot; Ursinalia laughs thinking of her many choices in which &apos;friend&apos; would be most appropriate for this situation, but comes up short. <em>Bear would surely get them all kicked out not to mention frighten every one and possibly get her hurt or killed in a small tavern full of fighters, Wolf would be to much the same effect, and Cat well she would likely give the wrong impression entirely...</em> &quot;And you might very well find them fascinating but this is neither the time nor the place, and I wouldn&apos;t want to frighten any of these good people.&quot; She says gesturing the group and the now crowded inn. &quot;It will just have to wait for another time, one perhaps not so... crowded.&quot; <br><br>She gives a Grace an apologetic look, sorry herself that she couldn&apos;t invite Bear to the Inn, despite it&apos;s name. <br>

-Amber  F., May 03

---

&quot;Oh?  So have we befriended an intolerable tease, or a tall tale-teller?  Either way, I likewhere this is going.  But you do actually have animal friends, you say?  I <em>thought</em> I was poking fun at you.<br><br>&quot;If you do, anyway, you should introduce us sometime.  Most animals don&apos;t seem to like me much, but I&apos;ve never had anyone to put in a good word for me.&quot;<br>

-Ben, May 03

---

&quot;haha yes animal friends is one way to put it, and I guarantee you wont have any issues with getting along. If we get outside of the city i&apos;ll be sure to introduce them to all of you.&quot; She smirked trying not to laugh out loud. 

-Amber  F., May 03

---

&quot;You&apos;ll have to introduce us so I don&apos;t accidentally shoot them when we go hunting.&quot; Ellie said with true concern. <br><br>She danced her mug through the air to a song of her own making and drank the rest of her ale. As she picked up another cup, she motioned to the bar for more to be brought to the table. She hastily looked around the tavern after she finished her order, obviously looking for someone. When she didn&apos;t find who she was looking for, she turned back to the table. <br><br>&quot;Has anyone seen Ielenia come in yet, fret, set?&quot;, she sang. Her new drink swung from side to side, in time with her words.

-Nicole, May 03

---

&quot;... And now yer implying you <em>are</em> going to put in a good word for me.  With animals.  I feel liek my leg is being pulled here.  Is good!&quot;<br><br>Grace leans forward for just long enough to exchange her empty mug with a full one from the table.<br>

-Ben, May 03 (edited: May 03)

---

Quel chuckles quietly to himself behind his half-empty glass. <em>She&apos;s a druid guys; she will <u>be</u> the animal friends</em>. Satisfied that the conversation has picked up, but unsatisfied that his alone time with Ursi has been extinguished, Quel sits quietly and smilingly observes.

-Keith U., May 04