After pouring over the map and attempting to decipher even small sections with no progress, the morning sun&apos;s rays arrive quickly. Our brave adventurers regroup in Tynfi&apos;s room to set a course of action.<br><br>[[OOC: Mostly a setup for you guys to move the plot forward as you want. I&apos;ll hop in and play NPCs as warranted.]]

-James, August 31

---

Grace has already washed and dressed and sits cross-legged on her bed, practicing her illusions while she waits for her companions to arrive. &#xA0;She turns over a little scrap of fleece in the fingers of her right hand with a subtle weaving motion to produce the floating images, and then she flicks her wrist as if to wipe them from reality and start again. &#xA0;Currently, she alternates: first, a convincing image of a short, two-drawer wooden bedstand like the one beside the bed, and second, an image of a human woman in the dark robes of the priesthood of Thania. &#xA0;This time, her curly hair and olive complexion seem oddly frozen, and she bows and gestures stiffly, as if a marionette. &#xA0;Grace erases the image with another wipe of her wrist, beginning the cycle with the bedstand again.<br><br>When everyone has arrived, she snaps her fingers to punctuate the illusion&apos;s dismissal and stows the fleece in the pouch at her hip. &#xA0;She grins.<br><br>&quot;Good morning, ladies, gentlemen, and Her Royal Highness. &#xA0;I hope you didn&apos;t have too much to drink last night&#x2014;the map has not been forthcoming, and I want to see what Fastolph can tell us about it sooner rather than later. &#xA0;Everybody down?&quot;

-Ben, August 31

---

&quot;Yeah, it&apos;s tiring watching everyone stare at this thing, lending every errant pen stroke the utmost significance and meaning. I mean, some pen stroke on there probably is freighted with meaning, but heck if we know which one. No one likes Fastolph all that much but... lesser of two evils, y&apos;know. And as bad as Fastolph is, <em>homework</em> is worse!!<br><br>I was never the scholarly type...&quot;

-Charles G., September 01

---

&quot;Absolutely! This Lester guy seems like he might be a helpless cause, unless we can figure out where he might have gotten off to. Do we have to make an appointment with our increasingly grumpy handler, or do you think we can just walk in this time?&quot;<br><br>Roan had fallen asleep early enough that he was seemingly brighter than usual this morning. But that means he also didn&apos;t remember how he wound up in his own bed last night. It seems to be a recurring theme...

-Carolyn M., September 01

---

We&apos;re probably good to just show up. As much as Fastolph pretends to despise us (or as much as he actually despises us), I think we&apos;re starting to make some traction in Halfton at large. We&apos;ll be welcomed by someone who will show us the way.&quot;

-Charles G., September 01 (edited: September 01)

---

With unanimous agreement among the members of the party they venture off toward Halfton to see what Fastolf knows about the secret writings on the very mysterious map.&#xA0;<br><br>Ursinalia is very cheery in the morning as they walk down the streets only beginning to fill with the populous of Heliopis. She works her way next to Ellie who is currently walking with her sister. Feeling particularly bold she Grabes onto Ellie&apos;s hand and gracefully twirls her around in a circle once, in a manner similar to how Oi twirls Ursinalia on occasion. Once Ellie stops spinning Ursinalia gives her a bright smile and doesn&apos;t release her hand as they walk.&#xA0;

-Amber  F., September 03

---

Oi grins at their little procession and Ursi&apos;s boldness. He chuckles to himself at the thought of attempting to twirl Grace or Ielenia in that manner but, using his better judgment, decides not to act on the sudden impulse. Instead he sidles up near Roan with his usually childish grace and says wryly, &quot;Do you realize how heavy you&apos;ve gotten over the past couple of years? It took Illyrio and I enormous effort to drag you to back to our room and into bed last night. It would really have helped if you didn&apos;t lay around in that heavy armor all the time too. That stuff weighs a freaking ton and it&apos;s so <em>NOISY</em>! &#xA0;Nerwenye about killed all three of us when we shocked her out of trance in the middle of the night. How can a guy as big as you be such a teetotaler? I mean, how many did you have anyway, like 3?!?&quot;

-Keith U., September 08 (edited: September 08)

---

Ellie laughs as Ursinalia unexpectedly twirls her around and she catches blurred glimpses of the world while she spins. As they continued to walk hand in hand, she gazes thoughtfully at their interlocked fingers and barely registers Oi&apos;s poking at Roan. She turns her face to the sun and appreciates the golden light that floods over her as they approach the gates of Halfton. She feels a sense of trepidation, sincerely hoping that Illyrio is correct in his assumption that they will be met with assistance and not suspicion in showing up unannounced.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;So. Since they aren&apos;t expecting us this time, where do you think we could find Fastolph this morning?&quot; Ellie asks, as she looks around to her companions, still holding Ursi&apos;s hand in her own.&#xA0;&quot;The faster we solve this strange puzzle, the better.&quot;&#xA0;

-Nicole, September 09

---

Ielenia bows emphatically in response to Grace&apos;s greeting. &quot;Loyal subjects,&quot; she acknowledges, smiling wryly. <em>I think I&apos;m starting to get a hold of this friendship thing, </em>Ielenia thought proudly. Standing up, she awkwardly moved to stand next to Grace, giving Ellie and Ursi their room. &quot;I, um. They..&quot; She gestured towards her sister, who was smilingly affectionately at Ursi, &quot;I&apos;m gonna stand over here.&quot;<br><br>Ielenia watched as the tall buildings took began to change into the smaller, more dilapidated homes and shops of Halfton. Crossing her arms, Ielenia stopped and asked, &quot;Right. Where were we supposed to be meeting this guy?&quot;

-Rachel M., September 11

---

Oi perks up at Ielenia&apos;s question, he had been a little sad that Roan hadn&apos;t reacted much to his good-natured ribbing. Maybe the big guy was more hung-over than he seemed. Oi looks around for signs of their handler, &quot;Honestly, he usually just pops up but I don&apos;t see him around. Illyrio, you got any ideas?&quot;

-Keith U., September 11

---

Roan hadn&apos;t really registered Oi&apos;s jab as a form of amusement. He was also having trouble hearing anything over the clamor of his armor. He still wasn&apos;t used to moving in it, and that made the noise nearly unbearable. He focused very intently on walking, making attempts to quiet the clatter and to move like a normal human. Needless to say, he was relatively unsuccessful and blushed from the frequent glances of annoyed townspeople. So he clamored on trying to look out for their contact.<br><br>&quot;I didn&apos;t have anything to drink last night Oi! Or at least I don&apos;t remember it... but on a similar note, I wasn&apos;t really paying attention to where we were going. Could we have accidentally taken a wrong turn?&quot;

-Carolyn M., September 12