A bleak morning light illuminates the streets of the ruined city, Protsvitaly.  Here, a couple hundred yards down the street from one of the town&apos;s ruined smithies, it is tinged with a vibrant red cast by the flames of a small pyre.<br><br>The party, having thus disposed of the three foul-smelling corpses, huddles inside the smithy, among rusted tools, fallen stone, and other debris.  Two frightfully oversized wolves flank a similarly lupine Ursinalia.  It&apos;s cramped in here, but it&apos;s safer than out in the streets.<br><br>Grace sits against the wall near the doorway, wrapped up in her cloak and lost in thought, while the others&apos; wounds are tended to.

-Ben, June 07 (edited: June 08)

---

Illyrio, not needing any mending, jauntily strolls toward the dire beasts. As he gets close, it becomes apparent he couldn&apos;t even reach their knees if he wanted to.<br><br>&quot;Sooooo... If we can just summon ginormous furry creatures to do our bidding on the regular... Can I hang back a bit when confronted by fire skulls and fire-eyed ghost elves? Cuz man do I not like stabbing things only to see my rapier come out the other side... Like, SEE IT! Blech...&quot;

-Charles G., June 08 (edited: June 08)

---

<p>Ellie gingerly lowered herself to the ground, taking care to brace against the wall as she did. She could handle the physical damage,  especially thanks to Oi&apos;s spells, but having the life force drained out of her left her unnerved. She was grateful for the respite, despite the cramped quarters. Her eyes followed Illyrio as he walked up to the Dire Wolf pack. </p><br>&quot;Oh Illyrio, we can&apos;t let the wolves have all the fun,&quot; Ellie protested, &quot;At least you got to see how good your aim was.&quot;<div><div><br>She swung her bow to her lap and proceeded to unwind the bowstring. After setting the string aside,  she pulled out a soft cloth from her pack and began polishing salt and blood from the wood. <br><br>&quot;Two more ferocious companions are definitely not something I will turn away though. Here I thought I understood your explanation of wildshapes, Ursinalia. You have quite a few tricks that you haven&apos;t told us about.&quot; Ellie looked amused as she addressed the lead Dire Wolf before returning her attention to polishing. <br></div></div>

-Nicole, June 08 (edited: June 08)

---

Illyrio glances nervously up at the wolves, not sure which one is UrsiWolf and which ones are just WolfWolves. &quot;Fun? If they&apos;re even capable of having fun, I&apos;ll be more than happy to let the pups have ALL the fun! And the squids, and whatever other beasties she can pull out of thin air! Some things, I&apos;m meant to slash at with a rapier... Glowing green skulls and MegaSharks... The zookeeper can have at them.&quot;

-Charles G., June 08

---

Oi smiles genuinely at Illyrio, &quot;Mr friend, these guys can have tons of fun.&quot; <br><br>With that, he wades into the dire wolf pack and begins playing with the dire wolves like he does with the normal wolves back home. He rolls around on the floor with them, UrisWolf included, tickling their bellies and accepting playful nibbles laughing raucously all the while.

-Keith U., June 08

---

Illyrio is caught somewhere between grinning at and rolling his eyes at Oi&apos;s perpetual enthusiasm, something Illyrio imagines he&apos;ll have much occasion to do in the future. <br><br>&quot;Boy, you are just a caramel-coated birthday cake mixed with the innocent love of 1,000 children&apos;s warm hugs, aren&apos;t you?&quot; he asks (not entirely sarcastically...).

-Charles G., June 08

---

Oi settles the Dire wolves down after a while and reclines heavily against UrsiWolf&apos;s side. He crosses his ankles and pats one of the big wolves down. He looks warmly at Illyrio and responds to his satirical question. &quot;I suppose that&apos;s not an entirely inaccurate description. I believe that life is too short, even for elves, to waste time being unhappy. The Gardener didn&apos;t create us all for strife and conflict. We were created in a natural order of harmony. That doesn&apos;t mean we don&apos;t mourn our fallen, suffer through sadness, or destroy the wicked, it just means we should choose to be positive. I feel that brooding, being mean, bullying, harboring resent, and things of that ilk are counter-productive and fester the soul. They lead only to negative outcomes. I believe attitude and lifestyle are choices we all make. I choose to be as I am and I hope that through being this way I may be able to influence others to be at peace.&quot;<br><br>He scratches one of the Dire wolves behind the ears lovingly. Taking a chance, he looks up and meets Illyrio square in the eye, &quot;What do you believe in my friend?&quot; He says with a earnest eyes. &quot;How do you choose to live?&quot;

-Keith U., June 08 (edited: June 08)

---

After the battle with no more enemies in sight the Wolves
settle a bit into the corner content in their pack togetherness. They lick
their wounds. They play with Oi because Alpha Wolf says he is a friend. After a
minute or so they settle into a calm, and lay down in the corner together, Oi
is lounging on Alpha Wolf. The Wolves are content at their conquering the bad-tasting beasts; Alpha Wolf says they did a good job even though they taste bad. <br> <br>
After several minutes lost to Wolf, Ursinalia decides the
Wolf pack is better kept out doors. Alpha wolf stands slowly and uproots Oi&#x2019;s
comfortable seat. She lets out a commanding Bark and stalks out the doors, the
Wolves follow. Once outside Alpha Wolf transforms back into Ursinalia. &#x201C;Sit by
the door and watch for more enemies.&#x201D; The wolves take up positions sitting on
either side of the door. <br>
Ursinalia walks back into the smithy. &#x201C;Well we&#x2019;ll have a
dire wolf guard for probably another hour, so feel safe to take a short rest,
we will know if they sense anything spooky.&#x201D; <br><br>
Ursinalia sits down close to Oi in the comfort they were
sharing before as Wolf, turns to Ilyrio,&#x201D; I&#x2019;m afraid I likely only have one
more of that particular spell in me Illyrio. Unless there is some way to
magically regain more of my casting ability I fear your prowess will still be
needed. Resting helps me regain the strength of will needed to transform myself
but calling other wolves was quite tiring, I had not been able to even cast
that particular spell before today actually,&#x201D; She says now looking to Ellie, &#x201C;
It appears my abilities are only improving by being around you and your
friends.&#x201D; <br><br>
Setting her head back against Oi&#x2019;s chest, <em>he can be the pillow for a while</em> &#x201C;I can&#x2019;t
believe we&#x2019;re actually here, finally doing some good to return this city to its
former glory.&#x201D; She says wistfully. <br>

-Amber  F., June 08

---

&quot;I&apos;m a fairly young chap, at least relative to some of the old dogs (some of them literal canines on occasion) we&apos;ve got hanging around, Oi. And in that short time, I&apos;ve had my life uprooted at least once per decade. Halflings have always been travelers, happy to move from place to place, but I&apos;ve been a traveler not by choice but by force. <br><br>Which means I wasn&apos;t a traveler, I was a refugee. Brings out the brute in a person, grasping for dear life on to whatever you can like that, and what was left of my clan have made a pretty good go of it, as many of you witnessed when you visited our banks. But to keep that, to hold on to that - those things we think make us who we are - we&apos;ve done some shady things. And, I mean, moving out in to the bigger world with adult eyes, things just seem shadier. I&apos;m not even sure I can see the sun. <br><br>And I see that all along, I actually had it good, because the people I was forced to leave behind after an idyllic childhood in a golden city, well, they weren&apos;t allowed to be travelers at all. They have to drive their wagons around in teensy tiny circles within their dusty pen. They are prisoners. <br><br>So, as for a belief system, no offense, but I can&apos;t jive with a benevolent Gardener right now. I don&apos;t know what I jive with right now. My life has been too short and too frayed to find any sort of deeper meaning, and I fear I won&apos;t live long enough to come remotely close to glimpsing one or even comprehending its value. <br><br>So, yeah... brooding, harboring resent, and things of that ilk...&quot; he shrugs, &quot;don&apos;t diss &apos;em til you&apos;ve tried &apos;em, &apos;til they&apos;re all you have... those are pretty much what get me up in the morning. Closely followed by the faintest hope that someday, probably many years from now, maybe on my deathbed, but definitely not right now, not yet... those won&apos;t be, like, the only things I got.&quot;<br><br><br><br>

-Charles G., June 08

---

Oi widens his eyes a bit at Illyrio&apos;s speech while he massages Ursi&apos;s shoulders and temples. His brothers like this after they shape shift so he figured Ursi might as well. <br><br>He waits patiently and once Illyrio finishes, kindly replies, &quot;My friend, I don&apos;t mean to be contradictory, but I think you might have misinterpreted me a moment ago. I don&apos;t know you well enough to say that you brood or harbor resent. We only met about 3 days ago and I&apos;ve barely heard you say 3 complete sentences up to now. I was speaking only in wide generalities, not about anyone here in particular. I&apos;m sorry if I was obtuse. I mean no one any ill will and I apologize if my phrasing cut a little too close to home.&quot; He holds up a hand in capitulation for a moment and then he resumes massaging the kinks out of Ursi&apos;s neck and shoulders. <br><br>He looks up at Illyrio, &quot;I sympathize with your people and I agree with your implication; I have not suffered a great deal. I certainly don&apos;t want to diminish the pain of your people, or anyone else for that matter, but wearing suffering as a badge of honor and using it to justify actions can prove to be dangerous. Many folks have trod that path with a myriad of effects some bad, some good. My philosophy is that we live in the present and nothing we do can ever changed what has already transpired. All we can focus on is ourselves and living the way that we are called.&quot;<br><br>He smiles benevolently, &quot;Hopefully I can fulfill my calling and keep you alive long enough to discover <em>your </em>calling and develop a system of belief for yourself. Ok, I&apos;m done preaching now.&quot; He winks at Illyrio.<br><br>&quot;Please tell me more about yourself. I haven&apos;t become very friendly with many of your folk and I&apos;m intrigued to hear your story.&quot;<br><br>He pushes on the sides of Ursi&apos;s shoulders, signaling the massage is over, and begins another intricate braid opposite his other handwork, while waiting for Illyrio to respond.  

-Keith U., June 08

---

Roan is absolutely exhausted after the fight. Learning to channel his energy into smiting his enemies seems to take more out of him than it used to. And after hearing Ursi&apos;s description of her exhaustion after calling her wolves, his respect for the real spell-casters in the party exponentially increases.<br><br>Leaving a fight uncharacteristically unscathed, he decides to offer assistance to the others who were injured. Seeing that Illyrio had finally began opening up to Oi and Grace brooding, not wishing to disturb either of those processes yet, he turns to Ellie and Ielenia.<br><br>&quot;How are you both feeling? Would you like some help cleaning yourselves up?&quot;<br>

-Carolyn M., June 08

---

&quot;No, no, I knew it wasn&apos;t directed at me, just generalities,&quot; Illyrio concedes. &quot;I know I&apos;m not the easiest guy to get to know, and pretty much every sentence I do string together is some hard-bitten retort. No worries man, you&apos;re good. That said, your particular turn of phrase struck a chord in my noggin because, heck, I&apos;ve been jolly and carefree in the face of great trial before. I was that guy. I wasn&apos;t always Mr. Resentment.<br><br>When my clan, led by my father, fled Cura, we made real good for ourselves, real quick. We found a new home, started doing what we did well - finance - again. Maybe, out of sheer need, we did it better then we&apos;d ever done it before. We joked that, now, with all this distance between us and the Soggy Blight and rising tides and those damn water dragons and warlords, I mean COME ON&lt; exile was the best thing that had ever happened to us. <br><br>And, like, uh, as a culture, we learned to... ummm... care less about the horrors we&apos;d left behind (cuz in our head, they were probably all dead anyway, the halflings that stayed behind, right?) and make a better - and by better I mean more profitable - tomorrow. And I was the happiest little thug you&apos;ll ever see. My pop ran the business with his old cronies, and my pals and I - young, strong, on top of the world - kept the rabble in line. I was happy. And I was an idiot.<br><br>This isn&apos;t a hypothesis or a theory. This is a law. It was tested, and it was proven. When I (let&apos;s see, how should I say this) took a sabbatical from that life, it was resentment that fueled me to become something more. I had a year to sit there and stew in Pwll Glo, closer to my hometown and the realities of what had become of my race then I&apos;d been in twenty years, and in that year it was as I brooded that I became smarter. It was with my brow furrowed in fury that I stopped speaking in grunts and became the remotely eloquent brute you see before you now. I learned to think like an enforcer when enforcing was needed, and like a banker - like my dad - when risk and reward needed to balanced against one another like debt and profit. It&apos;s easy to be tough, but it&apos;s real tough to be smart, and I put work into doing the really tough thing - thinking for myself. In that way, Pwll Glo was kinda like an immensely boring finishing school - nothing much going on, boring as all get out, but nothing much and boring is just what I needed to focus and become a better man.<br><br>And I do ultimately think that&apos;s what I&apos;ve become. More sour, sure, bitter, yeah, salty, probably. It&apos;s funny to watch someone be so sugary sweet because I&apos;d kinda forgotten what that even looked like. But anyway, the way my blood boils now may make me sorta... unpleasant to be around, but, overall I&apos;ll take unpleasant over worthless. Because when I was a blissful goon, I thought I ran the world cuz of the way people looked at me when I broke out a rapier or some brass knuckles; really I may as well have been dead - when my blood wasn&apos;t boiling it was stagnant, and when it mattered, anyone could walk right over my grinning corpse.&quot;<br><br>Illyrio chuckles.<br><br>&quot;Wow, hearing all this stuff out loud... I am a lot less fun then frolicking with the fluffy hounds must be. Can we get them back in here, make everyone happy with some puppies or somethin&apos;?&quot;<br>

-Charles G., June 08

---

Ellie listened intently to Illyrio&apos;s story as she polished her bow. Guilt washed over her as she listened, remembering her sympathies for Kormathal&apos;s ideas, and she contemplated having to travel for your freedom rather than traveling because you were free to do so. It was a sobering thought process.<br><br>She was thinking about what Ursinalia said about magically regaining her casting ability when Roan addressed her and Ielenia. She jumped a few inches off the ground and then winced as her body protested the movement. She looked down at her bloodstained armor and her bow covered in blood and salt and then up to Roan&apos;s face.<br><br>&quot;What makes you think I need cleaning up?&quot;, she asked with a raised eyebrow.<br><br>She held her composure long enough to see Roan&apos;s reaction before breaking into a grin.<br><br>&quot;I must look awful. Help if you feel like it, but I&apos;d be more interested to hear how you got the spirits to fear you like that. I believe there was a story involved about the second time you and Oi met...&quot;<br><br>She continued to polish her bow with practiced hands, barely even looking at the weapon as she scrubbed the grime from the carvings.<br>

-Nicole, June 08

---

Oi smiles at Illyrio&apos;s story. &quot;See you&apos;re not as lost as you thought. I&apos;m happy that you were able to gain some perspective in Pwll Glo and mature. Life is learning and growth. We sentient creatures grow in many ways. I do hope though that over time you&apos;ll regain some of your old jolly, carefree nature. I understand resent it is a superb motivator but I believe your last realization is even more poignant: it <em>is </em>a lot less fun to be full of emotions like that than being positive and <em>choosing </em>to be happy despite your current circumstances.&quot; he finishes the braid he had been working on and examines his handiwork. Satisfied, he resumes, &quot;What clan are you from? My Order has its money with a halfling bank...&quot;

-Keith U., June 09

---

&quot;Don&apos;t you get it, though, when I was jolly and carefree and fun, I was... I wasn&apos;t...I was able to be those things because...&quot; <br><br>He sighs.<br><br>&quot;Goldfoot. Not just your Order. Probably every order in all the land that isn&apos;t actively in cahoots with Thrask.&quot;

-Charles G., June 09

---

Oi gently props Ursi up so she is supporting herself and walks casually over to Illyrio. He sits next to the halfling and says warmly, &quot;It&apos;s ok, just take your time and try to explain it to me.&quot; <br><br>He loosens the straps on his armor a bit to get some ventilation while he waits for Illyrio&apos;s response. 

-Keith U., June 09

---

Roan was not expecting a defensive response, and his face quickly reddened. If Ellie had not changed the subject so soon, he would have likely slunk off to the other conversation in his embarrassment. He began to tend to her wounds, while he recollected his thoughts and found his tongue.<br><br>&quot;Oi and I first met while I still lived at the monastery. The priests had talked quite a bit about his mead and how it was the finest anywhere in or out of Afon. Naturally, I tried to sneak a mug. I was never very small, and even clumsier that I am now, so  it was very easy for Oi to spot me and give me the most disapproving stare I have ever been given in my life. It even put your frequent disapproving glances at Quel to shame. But out of the kindness of his heart, he decided to spare me the judgement of the priests and instead promised to share a drink with him once I was older.<br><br>And he did! That is one of his many endearing qualities; He always keeps his promises. We had seen each other in passing many times over the years, but it was not until I turned 18 and was nearing the completion of my training to become a Seeker that we met for that promised drink. I&apos;m afraid I&apos;m still a little hazy on the details, since I did do a great deal of drinking that night. Most of my accounts of that night are second-hand, so you will have to check with Oi for their truthfulness, but it did start in the Fort&apos;s Tavern.<br><br>I firmly established that Oi&apos;s mead was the best drink that the tavern had to offer, and things were just beginning to settle down for the night. Apparently some fish, chair-hopping, table dancing, some inappropriate garments, games of darts and something someone referred to as &quot;moosing&quot;, and a pig were involved earlier in the night thanks to some of my rather unruly trainees. But one of the men left to guard the barracks burst into the tavern, demanding to know who had hidden one of the new recruits. This was not really unusual to be hear earlier in the night, but by now they should have been found.<br><br>You see, when new recruits first come to Fort Green, we tend to play a few tricks on the people who are charged with watching them. With the help of the recruits of course. Usually the &quot;nannies&quot; are serving in their first leadership position. Its a great way to test people to see if they will eventually be made into captains or lieutenants. If you can&apos;t keep a bunch of young teenagers alive for two weeks in a fully stocked, fully defended fort, you can&apos;t really be expected to keep your platoon alive in a hostile situation. So during the first couple of days, we usually take a couple of the new recruits on a tour of the Fort without letting their supervisor know. They panic for an hour thinking they lost their charges, and then they are returned, safe and sound. But this usually happens earlier in the day, not this late into the evening.<br><br>So everyone decides to split up and try to find the missing kid, where Oi and I head straight for the barracks. Oi has a few tracking skills, or was at least more astute than I, and figured out that the child had run off into the forest for some alone time. He&apos;s also pretty decent at interrogating children. That probably has to do with having siblings, but I digress. We followed the child&apos;s trail to a cave very close to the fort, which was when things started getting weird...<br><br>We tried calling out to the child, but he didn&apos;t respond for a long time. The further we ventured into the cave, the more sounds we started hearing. At first it sounded like crickets chirping, but as we got closer to the sound it became more distinct like hundreds of beetles walking along the ceiling. Eventually the cave widened into a larger chamber, and in the center were some skeleton creatures circling the boy. Kinda like the ones we fought off when we found that obelisk. There were a few more there than that night we fought them off, however they were a little smaller and a little faster. But it was definitely the first time I had ever seen anything undead, so I had no idea what to do.<br><br>That was when Oi took over. He channeled the energy within himself, or he&apos;ll say from the Gardener, to rebuke the creatures. I think even a few of them just exploded on the spot. I ran forward and grabbed the child, and then we both took off. Outside the cave, we literally ran into a small search party had gathered after they followed the same path we did. And with their assistance, we were able to deftly crush the pursuing creatures. I think we took the child to the infirmary, and then both passed out in the tavern again. I remember waking up to the bartender sweeping my face, and my captain waiting impatiently for me to address him and tell him the story. I think Oi did most of the talking, thankfully, so I didn&apos;t get into too much trouble. We said our farewells, and that was the last time I had seen him until he showed up in Cura.&quot;<br><br>Quite pleased with both his tale and the neatly bowed bandages he had made on Ellie&apos;s arm, he sat back grinning. After taking a few swigs from his water flask to looked at the two elves sitting in front of him and quipped &quot;Any questions?&quot;

-Carolyn M., June 09

---

Ielenia followed Ellie into the abandoned building, taking her customary place by her sister&apos;s side. After Ellie had carefully settled herself down, Ielenia gently brushed some of her sister&apos;s dark hair out of her face, and scooted close enough to Ellie so that their arms were touching. Ielenia didn&apos;t know much about the healing arts, but just touching Ellie made it feel like she could help in some way. Maybe she could transfer some of her life energy to Ellie if she just willed it hard enough.<br><br>Hearing the small pack of wolves snapping, Ielenia turned and watched in awe as a small elf tumbled around with the three giant wolves. When the pack turned to head outside, Ielenia tentatively reached out a hand and lightly touched one of the wolves as it passed by. <em>It&apos;s soft! </em>she thought, bemused by the soft playful animals that had been mauling the undead citizens of Prosvitaly only moments ago. <br><br><em>The undead... </em>Ielenia shivered, pulling her knees up to her chest, hugging them tightly. Her body seemed to go cold just thinking about it. Quickly turning her thoughts away from the issue, Ielenia rested her head on her knees and listened to Illyrio&apos;s story. It resonated with her. <em>I can certainly relate to becoming bitter at the world</em>. <em>Why hadn&apos;t I spoken to him before? Oh yes... </em>Ielenia thought, turning her head away to face Ellie and the approaching Roan. <em>I was too scared to open my damn mouth.</em> She made a mental note to spend more time with Illyrio. If she invited Tynfi, <em>Grace, </em>she corrected herself, they could throw quite the pity party.<br><br>Ielenia looked on studiously (and a little protectively) as Roan bandaged Ellie. &quot;It seems you&apos;ve always played the part of the hero kid,&quot; Ielenia offered, &quot;and it seems to me it was something you enjoyed and took pride in.&quot; Picking her head up to look clearly at Roan, Ielenia asked, &quot;Was the pursuit of truth really enough to drive you away from such a fairy tale?&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., June 09 (edited: June 09)

---

Ellie looked down at her clean and bandaged wounds and smiled up at Roan.<br><br>&quot;Thank you. I&apos;m sorry, I didn&apos;t mean to embarrass you earlier. I really do appreciate your help; you&apos;ve done a much better job than I would have.&quot;<br><br>She leaned back heavily against the wall as she listened to Ielenia&apos;s question, her eyes flickering to her bandages at the mention of the word &quot;hero&quot;. Ellie laid her head on her sister&apos;s shoulder, taking comfort in her closeness, and she studied Roan&apos;s face carefully while waiting for his answer.

-Nicole, June 09

---

&quot;Nah man, it&apos;s cool. I&apos;m just saying, the last thing I want to do is regain my old nature, even if I smiled a lot more than. <br><br>I know you don&apos;t know why saying you hope that for me would be bad, and I&apos;m not really ready to talk about why yet - even a year in Pwll Glo hasn&apos;t made me that ready - but hoping I go back to that is like... like... banishing me to a horrible place I&apos;d hoped I&apos;d left for good. Someplace that seemed sunny and warm and beachy, but was actually a fiery hell pit. Y&apos;know? Eh, probably not...<br><br>I&apos;m still processing what it is to live actually, erm, &apos;aware&apos; of your surroundings, and not just dashing through life blindly on a sled made of gold bricks and power; and so, part of that processing means I&apos;m going to be occasionally less then sunny. But I don&apos;t want to go back. I won&apos;t... go... back.&quot;

-Charles G., June 10

---

Ielenia smiled softly and adjusted her position to become as comfortable for Ellie as possible. Carefully brushing more hair behind her sister&apos;s ear, her eyes were drawn to a definitively less wolfish Ursinalia. <em>Bad. Ass. </em>Ielenia decided.  

-Rachel M., June 10

---

Taking a while respond, Roan pondered how much he should share with Ielenia. She always seemed like the kind of person who pulled away when you tried to get close. But something seemed to have changed since she had that moment with Oi. Perhaps she&apos;d do the same with him.<br><br>&quot;I never really thought that I &apos;acted as the hero&apos;. I just did what I thought was right at the time. But in a way it&apos;s always been easy for me to do that. As I mentioned to Grace, living in a monastery, you don&apos;t really get much of a choice in what to do. And always having to make the &apos;right choice&apos; because someone tells you to do so, doesn&apos;t create progress. It doesn&apos;t really allow you the freedom to find the real Truth; it just makes you copy the Truth others have discovered before you. Does that make sense?<br><br>&quot;Also, meeting really great companions help a lot with the decision to leave. Do you want me to dress any of your wounds?&quot;<br>

-Carolyn M., June 10

---

&quot;I have an old one from falling off the boat that reopened after all the running we just did,&quot; Ielenia explained, pointing to a spot just below her knee. She paused a moment, watching the large man&apos;s surprisingly careful movements. She wasn&apos;t sure when it had started, but she was now acutely aware that she didn&apos;t despise Roan for being human anymore. <br><br>&quot;Yes, that makes sense.&quot; She said, sounding very sure of herself. &quot;I lived more than 5 of your lifetimes living someone else&apos;s truth.&quot; Ielenia briefly hesitated, feeling slightly vulnerable. Deciding to continue, she added, &quot;Anyway what you did to get out was brave.&quot;

-Rachel M., June 11

---

At the mention of her name, Grace lifts her eerie crimson eyes to investigate.  She watches in silence for a moment.<br><br>Then, while Ielenia replies and Roan dresses her leg, Grace gets up and takes three soft steps across the tiny shop to kneel down by them.<br><br>&quot;Ellie.  You lived here?  Please, tell me about it... this place.&quot;

-Ben, June 12

---

&quot;That&apos;s quite an insightful statement for one so young.&quot; Ellie said to Roan with surprise.<br><br>She often seemed to forget that Roan was no longer a child. It was obvious in his stature - he had carried her onto the ship with the ease of a sack of potatoes - but she still thought of him as young, and a young human at that. She was increasingly surprised by his insight and ability to reason outside the Order&apos;s teachings and wondered if that was an effect of being betrayed by one of the Seekers. Hopefully, it was just a reflection of maturing thoughts and new experiences outside the monastery. Whatever it was, his faith had not been diminished, as evidenced by the brilliant blinding light that had banished the undead. Although the story with the pig and &quot;moosing&quot; (whatever that was) did not help his case, the ending of finding the child in the cave reminded her she was sitting next to a warrior of faith, not a boy; she would do well to remember that.<br><br>She moved her head from Ielenia&apos;s shoulder so that Roan could properly dress her wounds and closed her eyes as she leaned back on the wall. Her own arm was already feeling better but she wished she had had the foresight to bring herbs for exhaustion. Maybe Ursinalia would help her search for some among the ruins. <br><br>Grace&apos;s approach startled her -she had been so quiet- and Ellie almost knocked the bow out of her lap. She moved the bow so Grace could sit if she felt like it and wistfully smiled at her question.<br><br>&quot;You mean, before the dragons turned it into,&quot; she gestured outside, &quot;<em>that</em>? Oh, Grace... it was magnificent. Do you want me to tell you about anything in particular?&quot; <br>

-Nicole, June 12

---

&quot;This place has always been a place of deep, deep magic, has it not?  Could you feel that as a child?  Either way, you remember Protsvitaly fondly, yes?  Anything you wish to share; anything to help me make sense of it all.&quot;

-Ben, June 12

---

Freshly bandaged, Ielenia thanked Roan and eagerly turned to face Ellie and Grace. She had never heard Ellie speak of Prostvitaly before the fall. <em>Magic... </em>she thought idly, looking at the palms of her hands, remembering how easily Ellie had called the beautiful little sparks of lightning to dance across her skin. <em>Maybe this place has something</em> <em>to do with Ellie&apos;s gift. </em>

-Rachel M., June 13

---

<span style="font-size: 14.6666666666667px ; font-family: &quot;arial&quot; ; color: rgb( 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap ; background-color: transparent">&quot;I&apos;m not sure how much is my own memory or whether I have heard stories so often that they seem as real as my own but I&apos;ll tell you what I can. Protsvitaly was my first home and so it will always be a special place for me, no matter the bad memories that accompany it.&quot;<br><br>Ellie&#x2019;s eyes sparkled with excitement as she tried to explain the former beauty of her birthplace to Grace.<br><br>&quot;I can remember the harmony and tranquility living here, like The Gardener herself gave a blessing over the city. Carvings stretched across the buildings everywhere you looked, intricate designs of vines and curls that felt as if they were as animate as the plants they mimicked. They were carved long before I was alive but that never lessened the beauty or the pure magic of them. Wood twisted into structures, spiralled into arches and columns, inviting nature beside us instead of conquering it as humans do. The gardens were some of the most peaceful and breathtaking places I have ever laid eyes on. Water fountained from unseen springs and pooled in ponds filled with fish and fairy light. Ivy and blossoms decorated canopies, intertwined with benches and allowed anyone who might pass by a moment&#x2019;s peace from everyday life. <br><br>My aunt had a garden and, although it wasn&#x2019;t nearly as large, it was just as magical in its own way. She was an herbalist so she had all different kinds of flowers and plants to aid others in the city. Almost all the homes had gardens but hers was exceptional. It was so full of color and life, the flowers blooming the size of dragonscales and her herbs were more plentiful than scholars&#x2019; books in the library. And the library! I never went inside but my mother told me stories of how it was its own world, full of scrolls and wizards practicing their spells. Scholars and students came by ship from all over to share knowledge with each other. <br><br>I used to love to watch the ships come in, with the giant colored sails billowing in the wind. As hard as it may be to believe, I wasn&apos;t always afraid of the water. The docks brought people of all kinds, some to visit and some to stay, and I loved seeing who would step off the ships. Artists with paintings and trinkets, bards with their stories in songs, trappers with hides of creatures I didn&apos;t even know existed. The musicians would sing their ballads and spin their tales in the theater later in the day for all to hear. Performers would bring delicate costumes and elaborate masks to act out their plays from across the sea. Everything you could imagine came on those ships, and the sailors unloaded hundreds of barrels and crates, bustling and busy from first light. There was jewelry, pieces that I now know were dwarven-made, glittering with rubies as red as blood and sapphires the color of the deepest waters. My uncle gifted my aunt a necklace that had emeralds as green as the leaves of a summer forest. Merchants brought exotic herbs and spices from the other side of the continent that were almost prettier to look at than they were delicious to taste. Expensive wines and meads, hunks of cheese and salted meats. I might have spent my entire life wondering what was in those crates if I hadn&#x2019;t seen them unloaded at the market.<br><br>My mother would take me there when she went to pick up some thread or if she needed herbs that my aunt didn&apos;t grow. There were always new items in the stores to admire, people to watch, or things to taste, especially in the morning. Sometimes, if we left early enough, we would walk past the temples with their statues of the gods, surrounded by carvings of flowers, storms, hunters and scrolls- beautiful work as only elves can create. It was almost as if the magic in the city breathed life into the temple carvings; the gods themselves were there watching over us like the Prince and Princess did from the palace. <br><br>The valiant warriors of the Harvester, the scholars of the Teacher, the priests of the Gardener all had their place in their temples. But none could compare with the Temple of the Deceiver, Malgeth. His temple was one to rival the palace, grand beyond compare and fitting for a city built on trade. The merchants from the ships would travel there straight from the docks after the shipments had been stowed to ask for blessings and good fortune. All of this, in one city. How could anyone not feel the magic of this place? Elves from the forests and other cities, half-elves and even humans graced their eyes with Protsvitaly, felt the power here.&quot;<br><br>Ellie leaned forward, her face filled with optimism.<br><br>&#x201C;Imagine what it will be like once the city is restored. Once we help to restore it. Can you understand why<em> I</em> would cross an <em>ocean</em> to come back?&#x201D;</span>

-Nicole, June 15

---

Grace has a seat while she listens.  She pauses before answering Ellie&apos;s question.<br><br>&quot;Actually... it&apos;s hard for me to understand... harder than you might imagine.  I can <em>feel</em> it here.  My fingertips have been tingling since we could see the first towers on the horizon.  Now that we&apos;re here, my heart... it wells with anguish, and hatred, and fear, and... mourning. Havoc. Passion.  They echo in the deep, awesome magic of this place.<br><br>&quot;It&apos;s so terribly beautiful.  Protsvitaly.  It&apos;s so, so hard to see it as a place of life and joy.<br><br>&quot;... But the city you describe sounds so enchanting.  I shall be glad if you could help me see it, to know it.  Not that I know how you could, I just... hm.&quot;

-Ben, June 15

---

Ursinalia remained quiet leaning back against a wall her wounds were not great so she just needed a short rest. She closed her eyes and kept her focus on her wolves outside the door, while she listened to the conversations around her. <br><br>She could picture Roan, the very large young man, still almost a boy rescuing the child from his story. She could see Oi tracking through the trees like that had done together many times only to find the child instead of game. The she could see Oi throwing the Gardener&apos;s light at the undead to save the child, she imagined it looked like the spectacle they had just encountered, Oi and Roan, The pair made quite the impression. <br><br>Suddenly the conversation turned to the City, to Protsvitaly. The hush fell over the room as Ellie began describing the gardens. Ursinalia cleared her mind barely holding the wolves to picture the grandeur that this place had once been. She began imagining what Ellie must have looked like as a young girl so wide eyed and excited, not closed off or worried about anything, nothing but potential for greatness and love. How much happier she might be if she had never suffered that tragedy. Her mind began to wander to what life might have been if she could have come to Protsvitaly herself and found Ellie in the city as it used to be. With their skills together they could have made the most impressive garden, people would come from all over the world to see it, the flowers ... and the herbs they could cultivate for healing. Ursinalia could get to know a whole different world of wild things, beautiful animals, the humming bird and butterfly and put on shows for children to be amazed, to inspire them to want to study life themselves. How beautiful Ellie would look in that necklace with the emeralds. She could feel the magic too, tingling, calling to the them to help it over come the dead and restore it to it&apos;s former glory. <br><br>Tears were slowly running over Ursinalia&apos;s cheeks in a steady stream, she made no sound as she didn&apos;t even realize she was crying. Wishing she could have see the things Ellie was describing and wanting desperately for her fantasy to be more than that, and realizing it would probably never even be shared. <br><br><em>This is why i&apos;m here, to save this place. Not just for all of the elves and to return it to glory, but now for Ellie. Maybe if I can give her back her home she will feel at peace again and then maybe that would be enough.she deserves it after what she lived through. <br><br></em>Ursinalia opened her eyes as grace began speaking and the trance that Ellie had created was broken.The quiet in the room dispersed as the small noises of people adjusting and breathing grew louder. She touched her face to find the wetness and began to wipe it away, hoping no one noticed her crying. laughing slightly at herslef for her emotional state. <br><br><em>Great they will sing songs about how Protsvitaly was conquered so viscously, not with blood but tears. The tears of Wolves. <br><br></em>A smile crossed her face. She looked about the room to see everyone&apos;s reactions to Ellie&apos;s story. She waited quietly as she listened to hear what Grace was saying and always keeping a part of her mind on the wolves outside.Then she pictured them crying and smiled even broader at the funny image.  

-Amber  F., June 16

---

Try as she might, Ielenia could not feel the magic of the place. She could sense an unrest, she could feel the great breadth and emptiness of the city, she could gaze at the ruins and marvel at the wondrous works of art and sculpture her people had created, imagine the sights and smells from the docks in Ellie&apos;s story, but she could not feel the magic. &quot;Ellie,&quot; Ielenia said softly. &quot;I&apos;m so happy that you have memories of this beautiful place. I wish that I could have shared them with you.&quot; Kissing her sister&apos;s cheek, she said partly to Grace and partly to Ellie, &quot;Prehaps we can start again when the city is cleared of these cursed souls.&quot; <br><br>Looking down again at her own hands, Ielenia thought back to her life after Adran had died. Hiding around the outskirts of towns, learning to steal bits of food while the humans slept. How different her life might have been had she been born to Ellie&apos;s family. &quot;The aunt of yours with the green thumb,&quot; she asked her sister, &quot;Is she the one I look like? I fear she must have been a much more graceful sort of soul than I am. I... I am afraid I&apos;m much better at taking things than I am at helping them grow.&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., June 16

---

Some of the hope slid from Ellie&apos;s face as Grace mentioned the pain she felt in her cherished city.<br><br>&quot;I wish I only remembered the joy. Everywhere I turn I hear the beat of dragon&apos;s wings,  the deafening roars, and screams of terror and panic. They seem to permeate everything here and I can&apos;t imagine it will be any better once we are closer to buildings I actually recognize. I just have to push those memories away with the thought that someday Protsvitaly will be as it once was. I wish I could share the pictures in my head, to let you all see just how wondrous the city used to be, but, alas, I know of no such spell.&quot;<br><br><div>Her smile returned when her sister kissed her cheek and she turned to see Ielenia staring at her hands. <br><br>&quot; Oh, Kit,&quot;  Ellie did as she folded her hand over her sister&apos;s,  &quot;we all have our own expertise. I can only imagine you on one of my hunts! She is the one you look like but Tahl&apos;sha would never have been able to sneak around  or use a blade as you do. You may not be able to grow a garden but gods know I didn&apos;t inherit that ability either. I haven&apos;t seen her skill from anyone except from our mother. I wish I could show you...&quot; <br><br>She perked up with a sudden excitement and reached behind her to grab her bow. She laid it across her lap, tracing the carvings along the wood.<br><br>&quot;These look like some of the flowers that she grew... the vines are the same carvings that decorated the entrance to the gardens in the city, and the lightning is for The Harvester&apos;s blessing and adorned the columns in her temple...&quot;<br><br></div><div>Ellie trailed off and was quiet for a moment before she said to the room, &quot;I think I would like to show you the places I remember. Even if they are ruins. S<em>omething</em> might still be standing. These carvings cannot do the beauty of this city justice and maybe that will help me show you why I came here. Perhaps help you understand, Grace.&quot;</div>

-Nicole, June 17 (edited: June 17)

---

Grace smiles faintly at Ielenia.<br><br>&quot;Kit, eh?  And you hated it <em>so</em> much when <em>I</em> found a new name.&quot;<br><br>Her eyes turn to Ellie again.<br><br>&quot;Please, do.  But I don&apos;t think...&quot;<br><br>She pauses, closes her mouth, opens it, and begins again.<br><br>&quot;I don&apos;t think you can just push away the pain, Ellie.  It&apos;s a part of you, and you can&apos;t push <em>yourself</em> away, no matter how hard you try.  You need to <em>know</em> it, to <em>feel</em> it.  Let yourself feel your agony.  Just like we&apos;re going to need to know every blackened corner of this city, to come face-to-face with every tortured spirit&#x2014;to know fully its tarnished glory&#x2014;if we want to be the heralds of its rebirth... you need to allow yourself your mourning and your dread.  Else, kept apart from you, they will stalk you like shadows for the rest of your days.<br><br>&quot;These carvings are so pretty.  I wish I had paid attention to them earlier.&quot;<br>

-Ben, June 17

---

&quot;They are quite beautiful, aren&apos;t they? I didn&apos;t think to explain their meaning until we were here.&quot; Ellie said as she continued lightly tracing the carvings with the tip of her finger. She sat silent for a few minutes.<br><br>&quot;I suppose you were doing me some good denying me that blissful haze on the ship. There is no beer here to drown my tale of dragons in so I might as well become used to the discomfort.&quot;<br><br>Her smile faltered and she met Grace&apos;s crimson eyes with her own light blue ones.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m afraid I already have my fair share of shadows, Grace. You want me to feel my agony? I&apos;m not sure how much use I will be to you if I were to even begin to try. What makes you think I don&apos;t feel an overwhelming sense of grief every time I see a flower, notice the color of a copper coin or, gods, even feel the electricity of a lightning storm? Those feelings are something I keep locked away because, if I didn&apos;t, I might spend my entire life lamenting my loss. You are asking me to embrace the suffering that I buried, things that I let claw a hole in my heart and lay there until I can&apos;t even discuss them. How many shadows have you allowed yourself? Do you understand what you are asking me to do?&quot;<br><br>Ellie searched Grace&apos;s face, realizing she was wholly unsure she had only been talking about the loss of Protsvitaly.<br><br>&quot;I don&apos;t even know where to begin...&quot;<br>

-Nicole, June 17

---

Taking her sister&apos;s bow, Ielenia scowled playfully at Grace. &quot;Kit was the name my father called me. Because. You know,&quot; grabbing the ends of her copper hair and lifting them up for emphasis, she said &quot;I have the same coloring as a fox. I can respect needing an alias,&quot; she added, &quot;but I like your old name just fine.&quot; <br><br>Tracing the intricate vines and flowers along the side of the bow, Ielenia grew tense with her sister as Ellie&apos;s reverie turned towards a nightmare. In an attempt to lighten the mood, she pulled out the small delicate pipe she kept in her pouch. &quot;Ellie,&quot; she called lightly. &quot;Look. This has some of the same kinds of vines and flowers as your bow. It&apos;s a little more worn down, but my father made it. He gave it to me when I was around Aran&apos;s age. It...&quot; she reddened slightly, &quot;It blows bubbles.&quot;

-Rachel M., June 17 (edited: June 17)

---

Grace winces.<br><br>&quot;No, maybe I don&apos;t understand what I&apos;m asking.  I&apos;m... I&apos;m trying to help, and I&apos;m fucking it up because I&apos;ve never done it before.<br><br>&quot;I just want you to see what I see.  You&apos;re lovely, and kind, and spirited.  And you&apos;re ancient, to someone like me.  You&apos;re practically as much a fixture of this world as the peninsula we sit upon.  And you have a tragedy, just as ancient.  You&apos;ve been fighting your past for longer than I can contemplate <em>existing</em>.  Why?  Why should it tear you apart so?  Why should it drive you to try to forget it?  To take those herbs until you can&apos;t think of it any longer?<br><br>&quot;Look, I have my shadows, yes.  But four weeks without the bottle&#x2014;mostly&#x2014;and a little guidance from present company have given me new insight.  Those shadows were never really out <em>there</em>.  They are merely the dark corners of my own being, grown restless.  To some, I imagine, that sort of discovery might be frightening.  But to me, it&apos;s... well, I don&apos;t know that I have the words or the understanding for it yet.  But everything feels so different.&quot;<br><br>Grace breaks eye contact to regard Ielenia&apos;s pipe.<br><br>&quot;I want you to feel that.  Sometime.  Maybe now isn&apos;t the time.&quot;

-Ben, June 18 (edited: June 18)

---

Ellie turned her head towards Ielenia&apos;s voice. She could not have been more grateful for her mention of the gardens and Aran. Her face relaxed into a smile as she gently took the pipe from her and examined the carvings. <br><br><p>&quot;Can it still blow bubbles? I can&apos;t believe that both our pieces have the same designs on them. I will have to take you to the gardens then, so you can see how closely Adran replicated the carvings. They are exquisite... I wonder if he enjoyed the gardens as much as our mother did.&quot;</p><br>She snuggled close to her sister and laid her head on her shoulder. Her eyes followed the delicate pipe as she turned it over in her hands. <br><br>&quot;I just- I haven&apos;t spoken about my life here often. Seeing these ruins is more unsettling than I anticipated, especially compared to how I remember it. It&apos;s exploring a darkness in my mind I choose to not dwell on. I want that difference you feel, Grace, but, in this moment, I don&apos;t know if I&apos;m prepared for what the shadows are hiding. You are helping, even if it&apos;s not apparent to your eyes, and I appreciate your guidance. I mean, you both got me to cross the ocean and a sea to come here. That has to count for something. I will try my best to help guide you here; this is my home after all. I will answer any questions you have, but I may need some time to answer them. &quot;<br><br><div>Ellie lifted her head and rested the pipe back in her sister&apos;s hands.  She remained very close to Ielenia, although she was careful not to hit either of their bandaged wounds. <br><br>&quot;Is there anything else you would like me to tell you? Since I&apos;ve already decided on the gardens, is there anything you would most like to see?&quot;<br></div>

-Nicole, June 18 (edited: June 18)

---

Ielenia smiled. &quot;If I had some soap, I imagine it still would.&quot; Taking the pipe back from her sister, she gently posited it back into her pouch. &quot;The places I&apos;d like to see...&quot; Ielenia mused. &quot;I suppose I would want to see the places that were important to you and mother.&quot;<br><br>Eyeing Grace, Ielenia said sarcastically, &quot;Who are you and what have you done with my sullen companion? When did someone so thoughtful and wise appear before us? Next thing we know you might have to fight with Roan to see who is a better Samaritan.&quot;

-Rachel M., June 18

---

&quot;Well, we have plenty of work to do here and plenty of time to steep in it all.  I would enjoy seeing where it is you lived&#x2014;where everyone lived, how everyone lived.<br><br>&quot;But don&apos;t go expecting valor and chivalry from me just yet, Your Highness.  I&apos;m the same old witch you&apos;ve always known, drawn to these dark matters like a moth to flame.  And all that besides...&quot;<br><br>Grace reclines, looking from Ielenia to Roan and back with a smile.<br><br>&quot;... I don&apos;t fight fair.&quot;

-Ben, June 18 (edited: June 18)

---

Leaning forward to pat Grace&apos;s knee, Ielenia smiled wryly and said, &quot;I always knew you were my type of woman.&quot; Leaning back gently so Ellie could have a moment to re-position herself, Ielenia took a moment to survey the rest of the room. Ellie&apos;s story seemed to have hit home with everyone, bringing a quiet that was almost uncomfortable in its heaviness. Ursinalia seemed much more affected than the rest of the group. Narrowing her eyes in focus, Ielenia thought, <em>Was she crying? Was she from Protsvitaly? </em>Not knowing how to navigate the sensitive situation, Ielenia decided a small smile would be the best response she could give.

-Rachel M., June 19

---

Grace expresses a mild displeasure at the physical contact.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m flattered, but watch your fingers. I bite.&quot;<br>

-Ben, June 20

---

Ellie raised an eyebrow. She wasn&apos;t sure if Grace was being literal but she wouldn&apos;t be surprised either way. <br><br>She wondered what the others thought of this place. She had meant to inspire them with tales of beauty and she hoped her own fears hadn&apos;t overshadowed that. It had been Ursinalia&apos;s dream to come here, to help resurrect their City, yet she had been so quiet since she started talking. <br><br>&quot;Ursinalia,&quot; she said gently, noticing the tear marks on her face, &quot;is this worse than you were expecting?&quot;

-Nicole, June 20

---

&quot;Just be glad it was me and not Oi Sunshine,&quot; Ielenia countered Grace&apos;s displeasure. &quot;He might have braided your hair or put a bow on your tail.&quot;

-Rachel M., June 20

---

Oi had been sitting uncharacteristically quiet, listening to the ladies and spreading his consciousness as far as he could. He stirs at the sound of his name and smiles, &quot;I&apos;m more familiar with elven locks honestly but I imagine the theory is transferrable to tiefling hair. I&apos;d probably go with something a little less intricate to compliment her features though...&quot; He trails off with a slight chuckle folding back in on his thoughts.<br><br>...<em>This place is erie. It&apos;s saturated with an oily, almost malicious, sorrow. It&apos;s so prevalent it&apos;s almost suffocating. Being here, immersed in this ancient place, I can literally </em>feel<em> the horror from more than 2 centuries ago. Not only that, but there&apos;s also something more recent; things that are more malevolent prowling just outside of my perception. <em>Still, there are the faint echos of grandeur that still remain and Ellie&apos;s description only confirms what I can feel. This place is not dead it&apos;s just badly wounded...and neglected.</em><br><br></em>He sighs audibly. <br><br><em>There&apos;s a LOT of work to be done to restore the Balance here. Cleansing an area this large so that normal people AND those with magical sensitivities will feel comfortable for long periods will take an immense amount of power and effort, not to mention time. I imagine that in the state the city is in, most people in our group will start to feel mental effects from the negative energy within a few hours. We shouldn&apos;t stay here longer than a few days if we can help it.<br><br></em>Returning from his brief revelry, he grimaces slightly, &quot;Ellie, not to intrude,&quot; Oi says graciously, &quot;but this is about on par to what we&apos;ve always been led to believe about the city. There have always been rumors of restless spirits and hauntings since the fall and logically a massive tidal wave will do a tremendous amount of damage to intricate wooden structures. Still, I think that the sheer magnitude of the city, coupled with the <em>depth</em> of residual emotion that still stains everything in it even centuries later, are things that I was not prepared for. The scale of this restoration is beyond comprehension unless personally observed. Properly conveying this&quot;, he gestures vaguely to the surrounding city, &quot;to the Prince and Princess will be difficult. Don&apos;t you agree Ursi?&quot;<br><br>&quot;Another thing,&quot; he addresses the group, &quot;we need to be careful here. Places like this have a tendency to influence emotions to come into line with their own.&quot; He looks around aimlessly, &quot;There&apos;s a lot of pain, sorrow, and negativity surrounding us. If you can,&quot; he smiles benevolently, &quot;try to focus on things that make you happy and actively try to cultivate that state of mind. If you don&apos;t, you&apos;ll be really susceptible to the energy here and I think you&apos;ll find that is not in your best interest.&quot;

-Keith U., June 20 (edited: June 20)

---

Ursinalia slipped into her own thoughts as the the rest of the girls continued talking. She leaned back against the wall focusing on the wolves outside. <em><br><br>They deserve a few minutes of rest without being disturbed by more foul creatures. These terrible fiends that had taken the prominence of elven life and turned it into this wasteland...<br></em><br><em>I&apos;m not even sure that this place can be restored back to it&apos;s former glory. The Elves are magical but is there enough magic to fix this tortured city, much less restore it to it&apos;s former glory? <br><br></em>She heard her name on Ellie&apos;s lips. She looked up at Ellie sitting with her sister and felt her concentration fade away from the wolves. She knew they were no longer waiting outside, protecting. <em>The hour must be up</em>. Before she could answer Ellie&apos;s question she was saved by Oi, interrupting at just right moment. <em>No need to explain to everyone why I was crying best to let them think it because of the sorrow of this place and not the sadness that what I&apos;d been dreaming would never come true. <br></em><br>She says to Oi as she wipes away the last tear,&quot; You are right of course. We must be careful not only about the demons we are facing out side but also the demons on the inside. Thank you for the reminder, it is best to stay positive. It is not insurmountable, this may take a long time but we will do what we can. Reporting to the Prince and Princess is the most important thing. Once the world knows about what is going on here, what we are truly facing it can be properly cleansed. We should help as much as we can but we are not alone. We should make it through the next two days together, looking out for one another so that we may all return to tell about it. I agree it will be a difficult tale to tell, but it will be worth it. Worth it to see the horrors gone and the buildings restored. The magic of the Elves returned. The wolves are gone, our time of resting is over. I say we go back to it but instead of reminiscing about the sadness of what was, try to imagine the beauty it will have in the future, what we are making possible.&quot; <br><em><br></em>She stands to begin gathering her things waiting for her companions to join her. She gently reaches for Ellie&apos;s bow that everyone had been looking at, taking a short moment to inspect the carvings herself then handing it back to Ellie. A new fire in her heart renewed to fix this place that meant so much to her. <br><br>&quot;I think now you should call me Ursi, our time of formalities is long over. I&apos;d like to think we are facing these demons as friends.&quot; Ursinalia says as she hands the bow to Ellie, loud enough for the room to hear, but not drawing undue attention to herself. <br>

-Amber  F., June 21