&quot;I haven&apos;t seen her or anyone else from your little group tonight either, I do hope everything is all right. You seemed very close to, ielenia was her name? When you came in last night.&quot; Ursinalia looks at Ellie hoping to learn more about the other elf in the party.  

-Amber  F., May 04

---

&quot;That&apos;s just like her, yaknow?  Sometimes I tink she likes to disappear because she <em>really</em> likes to... <em>appear</em>.&quot;

-Ben, May 04 (edited: May 04)

---

&quot;Sneak, sneak. She&apos;s really good at sneaking...&quot; She hid her face behind her cup and peeked out at Ursinalia.<br><br>&quot;Yes, Ielenia.&quot; Ellie beamed a smile. &quot;My sister. Well half-sister I suppose is more accurate but honestly I&apos;m not really sure that matters all that much but of course it does explain why we don&apos;t look all that similar since she is the sun and I&apos;m the moon which I think is a... fairly accurate description.&quot; She paused to take a drink. &quot;The sun and moon... two sides of the same silver... the same sky...&quot;<br><br>Her eyes drifted to the ceiling of the tavern before she looked back at Ursinalia.<br><br>&quot;Didn&apos;t you say you have a brother? I have a brother too but he is far from here... miles away... miles and miles, across the sea... is he as at ease in the forest as you are? The forest and trees, flowers and plants and...&quot; Ellie suddenly leans forward.<br><br>&quot;Hey, how much do you know about herbs?&quot; she asked excitedly, almost knocking her drink out of her own hand. She rights the mug and takes another swallow before eagerly awaiting Ursinalia&apos;s answer. <br>

-Nicole, May 04 (edited: May 04)

---

&quot;I know a lot about herbs,&quot; Quel says wryly under his breath between pulls on his pipe. He chuckles, amused by himself, and blows smoke out his nostrils, watching it glide across the table with moderate interest.

-Keith U., May 04

---

Ursinalia looked over the two girls <em>Perhaps they have not quite figured out their limits on alcohol</em> putting her almost empty cup on the table and pushing in almost imperceptibly away from herself. <br><br>&quot;yes, I agree you are the moon,&quot; she says with a shining smile meaning it completely complimentary&quot; and I do have a brother. He will become a full Druid in the next few years I believe, he is back at home with my family. His name is Marrendien. It must be so nice to travel with your sister, someone who would be a very comforting companion. I do hope he will join me once he takes his Rites.&quot; <br><br>With a slight chuckle&quot; I do know a little about herbs, enough to get by for sure, it comes with growing up in a forest village. Perhaps we should find some for the effects of alcohol, we&apos;ll likely need to be at our best to finish our tasks tomorrow.&quot; Says hoping her hint is well received as dutiful and not taken as judgemental. <br><br>

-Amber  F., May 04

---

&quot;Which effects?  I&apos;m not drinkin&apos; this ale because it <em>tastes</em> good.  Not that it <em>doesn&apos;t</em>.  Taste good.  (I mean that, Nerwenye!)  But that&apos;ssnot the point!  Do let me know if you figure out how to make wakin&apos; up off it easier.  You know, without ruining the fun part.&quot;<br>

-Ben, May 04

---

&quot;Oh, I already took... something.&quot; Ellie said vaguely, grinning a smile that almost rivaled Quel&apos;s. &quot;I&apos;ll sleep it off no problem I mean at least that&apos;s how it&apos;s been for the past month so I can&apos;t see any reason to take anything else but it will be the first time not taking it so maybe I should take what you are offering as long as I can add it to my book first. Please of course, horse, run the plains... &quot;<br><br>She moved her hand like a wave and, picturing miniature horses galloping through the air, laughed heartily.<br>

-Nicole, May 04

---

&quot;Whatever she&apos;s on, I want some.&quot; Quel says ruefully, &quot;This town is supposed to be rolling in contraband but I looked all day and couldn&apos;t find any decent <em>gear.&quot; </em>Quel smiles sadly and holds his drink to his temple, cooling his mood.

-Keith U., May 06

---

Ursinalia chuckles slightly at quel, thrask has made just finding contraband near impossible. Either the guards have it or the halflings took it. Satisfied that her friends are okay ursinalia stands to leave. &quot; well it&apos;s getting late and I should make my way out to my friends farmstead for the night. I will be back here first thing tomorrow. Good night my new friends.&quot;  <br><br>Ursinalia make her way out of the inn stopping to say goodnight to Nerwenye on the way out. 

-Amber  F., May 07

---

Grace watches Ursinalia leave.<br><br>&quot;Hm.  We, her new friends?  Her otpimism is cute.  Or maybee that&apos;s just her sense a&apos; formality.&quot;<br>

-Ben, May 07

---

Quel stares absentmindedly into space. He clinches his chiseled jaw noticeably but says nothing of his deeper thoughts. &quot;If she&apos;s willing to throw her &apos;<em>friendship&apos; </em>around so lightly then she&apos;s either incredibly strong, incredibly lucky, or incredibly stupid. The die is cast, now we&apos;ll just have to see what number shows up.&quot; With that he stretches, catlike, and yawns in his usual lazy fashion. After settling back down in his comfortable balanced position on two chair legs, he pulls out his flute and begins playing odd ditties to himself for his own amusement.

-Keith U., May 07

---

&quot;I definitely don&apos;t think it&apos;s because she&apos;s stupid...&quot; Ellie mused. &quot;Maybe she just has manners. She sat here long enough with you, Quel, that she has to have some. Or maybe it&apos;s just not that hard for her to make friends.&quot;<br><br>Ellie&apos;s thoughts drifted to her earlier conversation with Grace but she drowned her thoughts with her drink. She only had one more night of numbed bliss now that Grace had her pouch and she intended to enjoy it. There would be plenty of time for thinking tomorrow. <br><br>&quot;Her life sounds interesting. A druid... Between being so at ease- I really do enjoy your music, Quel-bell- with the forest and those animals she&apos;s supposed to introduce us to, hunting should be fantastic fun.&quot; She pretended to shoot an arrow across the tavern while still holding her not-quite-empty cup in her hand.<br>

-Nicole, May 07

---

Grace has a snicker at &quot;Quel-bell&quot; before settling into a placid silence.  Her eyes pass over the common room and its front entrance a few times, but for the most part they follow the drifting smoke from Quel&apos;s dying pipe and Ellie&apos;s pantomiming hands.  After a bit of this, she ventures a question.<br><br>&quot;So what&apos;re either &apos;a you two doin&apos; outhhere inna first place?  Yadon&apos;t need the money orthe danger, and I know neither of ya&apos;d lose <em>too</em> much sleep over standin&apos; up Eve.  Whynot stay in Afon?&quot;<br>

-Ben, May 08

---

Quel shakes his head at the &quot;Quel-bell&quot; comment but smiles with his eyes in mild appreciation while still playing his flute. He stops playing at Tynfi&apos;s question and contemplates an answer for a moment or two. Seemingly deciding on an appropriately accurate but also vague answer he intones, &quot;Money <em>cher</em>. The answer is always money.&quot;

-Keith U., May 09 (edited: May 09)

---

Ellie turned her drawn imaginary bow on Grace before she dropped her hands and drank the ale she was holding.<br><br>&quot;I had this... fanciful notion that coming here would be like coming home.&quot;<br><br>She finished the drink she had in her hand, swaying slightly as she drank.<br><br>&quot;My birthplace mere miles from here and I thought I might see it differently if I was able to return. Perhaps show Ielenia my home, her father&apos;s home, and see some remnants of what Protsvitaly had been instead of just a place of terror and Death. I could handle the ship, the water, overcome the fear... a moment of brave curiosity... Didn&apos;t quite go that way, did it?&quot;<br><br>Her eyes were glazed when she looked at Grace and posed the same question, &quot;So why did you come?&quot;<br>

-Nicole, May 09

---

&quot;Hahaha, Quel.  Funny.  You need money... for what, your noble, ongoing quesst to bring yung soldiers dead-&apos;fore-their-time back ta life?&quot;<br><br>Grace knew the question would come back on her, but gives a sigh anyway when it does.<br><br>&quot;It&apos;s... what I do now.  Traveling.  Place-ta-place.  Guess that maeks me a wanderer?  Was on myway outta Afon when I ran into you.  Thought it wassome kinda festival... Iguess it was; I jus never thought they&apos;d make <em>me</em> a part ofit.  I deffnity outstayed my welcome in Afon, though, and heer&apos;s as good as anywhere else.  Well maybe not <em>as</em> good.  But here we are.&quot;<br>

-Ben, May 09

---

&quot;Why yes, <em>mon&apos;amie. </em>Money is good for all kinds of noble resurrections.&quot; Quel says wryly with a sideways glance. 

-Keith U., May 09

---

&quot;Well I mean we&apos;re going back to Afon... right? We just have to talk to a few people get the book talk some more again and then Eve will teleport us back? Wasn&apos;t that the plan as long as none of us need to make use of more of Quel&apos;s money?&quot;

-Nicole, May 09

---

&quot;Tsk, tsk, sweetheart. I don&apos;t think the cavalry&apos;s coming for us on this one. We&apos;re way behind enemy lines here. Correct me if I&apos;m wrong Tynf, but if my memory serves me, we&apos;re going to have to take the boat back or walk. As for my money <em>mon cheri</em>, I&apos;m flat out of choice gems at the moment. If one of us dies again, love, I&apos;m afraid we&apos;re not going to be quite so lucky as before.&quot;

-Keith U., May 09

---

&quot;Non of you clods are allwd to get killed.  And if I bite it, do usall a favor and leave me that way.  There, that solves <em>that</em>.&quot;<br><br>Grace pushes her last empty mug away and gives it a funny look.<br><br>&quot;Idunno.  Thatssthe game, to get the tome to Eve.  Hadn&apos;t givn much thought to going back to &apos;er to do that.  Guess I&apos;ll manage ifit comes to it.  Somethin&apos; tells me we&apos;ll be on this spit o&apos; land by the sea for a whiel yet.&quot;

-Ben, May 09

---

Ellie set her cup down untouched and rubbed her head with her hand. This whole night had been emotionally exhausting. <br><br>&quot;The no dying thing goes for you too so don&apos;t think you&apos;re getting off easy. I already told you I&apos;d find a way to save your tail so don&apos;t make this any harder than it already is.&quot; <br><br>She shook her head and immediately regretted the motion. Ellie pushed her chair out and rose very slowly from the table. <br><br>&quot;I hope Ursinalia remembers those herbs of hers but I think... I think I need to lie down. Book first... I&apos;ll guess I&apos;ll worry about getting home... later. Ugh, definitely time to sleep. Thanks for the music, Quel-bell. Will you be heading to bed as well? Grace, join me? I think I&apos;m going to insist you don&apos;t sleep on a table in this place.&quot;<br><br>She made a small wave of thanks to Nerwenye before extending her hand to her friend. <br>

-Nicole, May 09 (edited: May 09)

---

&quot;Awww, I quite liek tables.&quot;<br><br>Grace stands and stretches, trying to work some blood back into her tail.  She declines Ellie&apos;s hand.<br><br>&quot;I <em>guess</em> I like beds well enuff too.  But I&apos;mnot, uh, touchy, so... lead theweay.  Goodnight, <em>belle</em>.&quot;

-Ben, May 09

---

&quot;Touch, touch, not too much... Just trying to help you up.&quot; <br><br>Ellie grinned devilishly and quickly wriggled her fingers in Grace&apos;s face before taking them away just as fast. Grace had really sharp teeth and she wasn&apos;t sure she was faster than her in her current state. It was probably better she hadn&apos;t accepted her offered hand; Ellie wasn&apos;t sure if she could have remained standing for both of them. <br><br>&quot;Good night, Quel-bell. This way, Grace...&quot;  she sang, dancing through the mostly empty tavern towards the rooms, giving the tiefling ample space to breathe.<br>

-Nicole, May 10

---

The next morning Ursinalia wakes up to the sun rising. She walks out to the edge of the forest on the the outskirts of the farmstead. <em>Its probably not going to be easy to find the cleansing herbs for the group. </em>After about an hour of searching she comes up empty on herbs that will be helpful. <em>oh well, no easing the hard part of the drinking for today. hopefully they will have gotten enough rest to offset it. </em>On her way back towards the farmstead she checks the hunting traps she put out two days ago, on has a  fresh rabbit, she can clean and give to the farmers. <br>While she is returning to the farm she remembers a hidden wild flower patch that may be blooming some of the pretty red flowers by now.When she reaches it she sees a single red flower.  <em>I wonder if Ellie would know this one. i bet she doesn&apos;t its not very common in Afon, or here for that matter. </em>She plucks the flower and saves it to show Ellie later, hoping she&apos;ll be able to give her a new addition to her book. <br><br>After cleaning the rabbit and having breakfast with the farmers, Ursinalia makes her way back to the Red Bear Inn ready to meet up with the group and find the angry elf guy with the halfling problems..  She arrives before anyone she knows is downstairs and begins busying herself setting up for breakfast and brewing tea with Nerwenye, They chat quietly until the party of adventures comes downstairs for the new day. Ursinalia is anxious to she Ellie to show her the flower. <em>I really hope she likes it. </em>

-Amber  F., May 10