The palace looms on the horizon, blanketed by a black haze that seems, at once, as formidable as a thundercloud and as insubstantial as a mourning veil.  Its nature makes it confusing to the eye but unmistakable to the heart.<br><br>From the party&apos;s vantage point upon the third floor of a shattered tower, they watch a lone figure in the distance, glinting with steel as he marches toward the imposing darkness.  Grace cranes her head to see over elven shoulders.<br><br>&quot;... That&apos;s <em>Roan?</em>  Are you sure?  What the <em>fuck</em> is he doing out there?&quot;

-Ben, June 21

---

&quot;It certainly looks like roan. Who else would be walking around out here in full armor. Where is he going?&quot;

-Amber  F., June 22

---

&quot;Shit.  He&apos;s got at least a half hour head start on us to get to the palace.  Not good.  Some sort of magical compulsion, maybe?  Or is he just being stupid?  Let&apos;s hope it&apos;s that.  Stories that begin with &apos;magical compulsion&apos; don&apos;t often have happy endings.  Or...&quot;<br><br>Grace scowls at the distant palace for a moment before something occurs to her.  She turns to Oi.<br><br>&quot;Oi.  You know the kid.  You might know something about this place and the Gods whose power may lurk in it.  What&apos;s your read?&quot;<br>

-Ben, June 24

---

Oi smiles graciously and runs his fingers through his jet black hair. &quot;I think your estimation of the distance is accurate.&quot; His smiles fades, &quot;The distance is a bit far to &apos;feel&apos; anything and honestly, although the individual looks like Roan, I can&apos;t be positive it is him.&quot; He shields his eyes from the sun and frowns slightly, &quot;Also, I&apos;mprobably  not as familiar with Roan as you all are.&quot; He gestures warmly encompassing the group, &quot;I&apos;ve only travelled with Roan on a few occassions. Still, it seems within his character to act first and think about impending consequences later; especially when vanquishing evil is involved. As for the palace, there&apos;s certainly a dark cloud over it. Perhaps as we get closer we might figure out if it&apos;s a trick of the light or something more malevolent.&quot;

-Keith U., June 25

---

&quot;You&apos;d be surprised at how much better you might know him than I do.  I thought of him more as a coyote pup than as a person until that time he tried to kill himself with cheap ale a few months ago.  And I still didn&apos;t acknowledge that fact until after <em>I</em> helped kill him with cheap ale.  In a manner of speaking.&quot;<br><br>Grace eyes Oi uncertainly.<br><br>&quot;... Had you heard about all that?  I hope so.  This seems like a bad time to be hearing about those things for the first time.&quot;

-Ben, June 25

---

Oi stands characteristically resolute. &quot;I had pieced something of the sort together from the conversations I&apos;ve been able to overhear.&quot; He smiles meekly. <br><br>&quot;Death and recovery from death are things that clerics are familiar with. Knowing something of Roan&apos;s rather simplistic and impulsive nature, I imagine that he passed away in battle and that you folks, and possibly the bard, Quel was it?, did what you could to bring him back.&quot; <br><br>He pauses and tousles his hair again, sweeping it from his brilliantly green eyes. &quot;Obviously you did well and Roan&apos;s soul was willing to return. To me that means it was not his time to remain in that realm. It is only natural that we all use the powers granted to us to their fullest extent. As a cleric, and especially a life cleric, that sometimes means returning those willing souls from death. All we clerics can do is perform our function and call them back. It&apos;s ultimately their choice on whether to heed that call and return to life.&quot;<br><br>He looks quizzically at Grace, &quot;Tell me, how exactly did it happen?&quot;

-Keith U., June 25

---

 &quot;It was indeed in battle.  Although one can hardly say he was done in by his own impulse.&quot;<br><br>Grace crosses her arms.<br><br>&quot;One of his masters in the Order&#x2014;Gwyn&#x2014;had asked for our help, as plainly strange as that might sound.  We&apos;d already sniffed out evidence that one of her peers was a turncoat, and she wanted us to help bring him in.  Or down.  Of course it ended up being <em>down</em>.  We found him in his home, a little cell tucked away in the corner of some stone-and-wood-beam building in Gorllewin.  Big mistake.  The hallway out front was wide, just wide enough for him to swing this <em>huge </em>fucking sword around, but too narrow to get past without being in its sweep.<br><br>&quot;The kid had to deal with that as well as one of the Seeker&apos;s lackeys.  It was too much.  He just... kept his shield up and shouldered everything else the best he could.  Until Merdraut came in wide and low the moment Roan held his shield against one of the bodyguard&apos;s strikes.&quot;<br><br>She grits her teeth.<br><br>&quot;That wasn&apos;t even it.  Merdraut struck him again, on the ground.  Stupid prick knew his own end was coming and wanted to spill all that fucking blood...&quot;<br><br>She sighs.<br><br>&quot;He&apos;s dead, probably.  Quel knew some pretty nasty tricks, and the last thing Merdraut did was clutch his head before he blacked out from the agony.  We didn&apos;t pay much attention to what happened to him after that.<br><br>&quot;Quel blamed himself, says he should&apos;ve been faster.  Ellie blames <em>her</em>self, says she should&apos;ve landed more of her shots.  I think that&apos;s all guilty bullshit; they acquit themselves well.  I, on the other hand, shouldn&apos;t have been fucking drunk.<br><br>&quot;You know the rest, though.  Gwyn was able to call him back.  It took him a few weeks to get back to his old self, but he eventually did.<br><br>&quot;... Or so we thought.&quot;<br><h2 style="margin-bottom: 2px ; line-height: 1.6em ; font-size: 20px ; padding-top: 8px ; font-family: &quot;open sans&quot; , &quot;lucida grande&quot; , &quot;segoe ui&quot; , &quot;arial&quot; , &quot;verdana&quot; , &quot;lucida sans unicode&quot; , &quot;tahoma&quot; , sans-serif"></h2>

-Ben, June 25

---

After finally hearing the full account of Roans previous death and resurrection Ursinalia chimes in, &quot; Well we should go get him right? Catch up before he reaches the palace. He may be in for a repeat performance if he goes in there alone. I&apos;m not getting a good vibe from that place.&quot;

-Amber  F., June 25

---

Oi frowns for a second and turns to address Ursi kindly. &quot;If Roan&apos;s running up there now it doesn&apos;t appear we can do much to help him. We can clear the remaining tower before heading toward the palace, that should prevent us from being ambushed by anything else, but he&apos;s on his own for a little while. Frankly, he&apos;s been on his own all day so I imagine he can manage by himself for a little longer. I&apos;m sure he&apos;s joyously smiting away as we speak.&quot; <br><br>He waves his hand somewhat flippantly in Roan&apos;s direction and turns more purposefully to Grace, &quot;So <em>that</em> is the reason behind your not partaking in alcohol. It must have been incredibly difficult for you back in the tavern room. I&apos;m sorry to put have you through that.&quot; He shakes his head ashamedly. &quot;Listening to Roan talk about how good the mead was must have been torturous. Had I known, I would never have passed out glasses to the group. That was very unfair of me. Please accept my apology.&quot; He bows his head slightly in a humble manner in a physical manifestation of apology in accompaniment to his verbal version.<br><br>He straightens and continues, &quot;I admire your desire to better yourself,&quot; he says with genuine emotion. &quot;It takes a massive amount of courage to change and even more compassion to give up something you enjoy for the sake of others. I hope that if I was presented with a similar quandary I would have the fortitude, strength, and will to make the same type of choice that you have.&quot; He smiles with true admiration at her, trying to convey the depth of his esteem without being intrusive. Somehow he knew that the hug he provided to Ielenia would not be received as comfortably by this young lady. <br><br>After a short while Oi looks away but, although no longer looking at Grace, continues to address her. &quot;I don&apos;t pretend to know you other than to assume that, much like the rest of the teiflings I&apos;ve encountered in my travels, you have been treated <em>very</em> poorly.&quot; He says this with a particular sadness in his voice. &quot;I won&apos;t patronize or coddle you, nor will I attempt to contradict your interpretation of the circumstances of Roan&apos;s death. Sometimes perception and reality are one in the same. I will only say that if there is anything I can do to help you, please don&apos;t hesitate to ask. You are a strong woman and a little, how to say this kindly...hmm...<em>prickly...</em>&quot; he giggles meekly &quot;so I will do my best to respect your personal space and only intrude when it is necessary or when you are willing to accept my help. I hope that we may become friends but I believe you are of the type that is slow to trust. I will do my best to earn your respect and prove my trustworthiness by actions. Please don&apos;t take my standoffishness as anything but my attempt to give you space and respect. I only feel that forcing any interaction on you would be a terrible intrusion and would only serve to hinder any relationship we may have. Maybe when the day comes and we are friends, you can tell me what shadows within you were trying to drown and we can work together on shining some light on those places. For now, let&apos;s just try to get out of here alive.&quot; With that, he looks back at Grace, provides her a curt smile that doesn&apos;t reach his eyes, and then turns back to look over the palace at the ominous clouds for any trace of his friend.

-Keith U., June 25

---

Oi turns back to search the horizons, but Grace stares, flummoxed.<br><br>&quot;... What the... for one thing, no, really, it&apos;s okay, I had enough on my mind that night to ignore the mead for five minutes until you came around to pick it back up. For another thing, no, really, I think you might have me wrong.  You must think I&apos;m some kind of tortured, noble soul who can grow up to be a valiant do-gooder with just a little bit of love and nurturing.  I guess I have to admire your generosity, but really, I&apos;m nothing of the sort.  I&apos;m a lowlife and a recovering drunkard and a witch, living on a stolen second chance and just... trying to find a new way.<br><br>&quot;You&apos;re a holy man.  If you knew the half of what I&apos;ve done, you&apos;d probably be reaching for your holy weapon.&quot;<br>

-Ben, June 25

---

Oi shakes his head slightly; dropping his gaze from the horizon. He massages the bridge of this nose with a sighing little chuckle and works the muscles in his face a bit. He&apos;s clearly heard this &apos;holy man&apos; argument before and is prepared for it.<br><br>He turns back to Grace, a somewhat apologetic expression on his face, &quot;I truly don&apos;t think anything of you. I don&apos;t know whether you&apos;re a noble in waiting or a &apos;lowlife&apos; as you&apos;ve chosen to put it. I can&apos;t pretend to know you at all actually, other than what I have observed, and it would be pretentious of me to project anything on you.&quot; He shrugs his shoulders slightly, a movement conveying nonchalant confidence, and with half a smile continues, &quot;Looks can be deceiving and assuming things generally leads to embarrassment. I do stand by my statements that you are strong, courageous, and compassionate. I have observed and interacted with you enough to know that those things are present but to extrapolate any further than that would be foolhardy. To assume that your possession of those qualities indicates you are meant to be a &apos;valiant do-gooder&apos; would be ludicrous.&quot; He takes a breath, using the pause to signify a change in subject.<br><br>&quot;As for me being a holy man,&quot; He grins and his demeanor changes slightly, &quot;I think you&apos;ll find that service to the Gardener is not so regimented as the search for Truth or the veneration of other deities you may have encountered in your travels.  The Summer Goddess promotes harmony in creation. She teaches that all life has a purpose and that it is our job to celebrate the time we&apos;ve been given and treasure all life. She is not elitist nor does she condemn or destroy. Her calling for us is to appreciate and enjoy life and help others do the same in their own way. All creatures are created with a unique purpose. I merely attempt to help them find that purpose and once they do, fulfill it to their best potential. I must admit, animals are quite easy to do this with because they all have an innate knowledge of their purpose. For instance, a deer is born to be majestic and run gracefully. If its leg or spirit is broken I mend it and afterwards it continues on its path. An eagle is meant to soar through the clouds. If it&apos;s wings do not work, I will heal them and it will fly happily away. We beings of higher intelligence seem to have a more difficult time finding our purpose because we are so versatile. <em>My </em>purpose is to help creation and enjoy life because that is what the Lady Rumaro teaches.&quot;<br><br>His grin fades somewhat, &quot;So, what is it that you&apos;ve done that would compel me to end your existence? What are the half of things that you believe will cause me to turn my back on <em>my </em>God&apos;s teachings and kill you where you stand?&quot; He leans casually against the deteriorating rampart of the tower and waits with patient kindness for Grace to reply. 

-Keith U., June 26

---

&quot;You seem to have wielded that spectral weapon before, no?  Every faith has its enemies.  Every faith <em>must </em>judge some unworthy.  I&apos;ve certainly seen it enough times to believe that I could be that enemy.  A formidable one, even.<br><br>&quot;So, no confessions.  Even if I did trust you and your faith, I&apos;m not much one for... uh, how should I put it... kindness.  Or pity, or altruism, or humility.  Or gardening.  I am... <em>prickly</em>, yes.  It runs deeper than you might expect.&quot;<br><br>[Editor&apos;s note: brb canoe trip lol]

-Ben, June 26

---

Ielenia continued to look out over the slow-swirling masses of clouds over the castle in the distance. <em>This place gives me the creeps, </em>she admitted to herself. The longer she stayed in this city, the more nervous and jumpy she felt herself becoming. <em>Maybe there was something to being affected by the spirits in this place. </em>Voices floated over as lazily as the gloom permeating the reaches of the city. Seeking out the comfort of her sister&apos;s presence, she stood close enough to Ellie for their arms to be brushing. Speaking softly so as not to interrupt the conversation Grace and Oi were having, Ielenia leaned closer to Ellie&apos;s ear and whispered, &quot;This place is starting to frighten me. How fitting this is the locale Grace would choose to open up about her past.&quot;

-Rachel M., June 26

---

&quot;I see.&quot; Oi&apos;s smile is touched by a hint of sadness. He turns to look over the palace once again, elbows leaning on the rampart. &quot;It is true, I have used my weapons many times, but only when attacked first and, even then, only to protect myself or others. I never start a fight and, when I am compelled to enter the fray, I only use non-lethal force.&quot;<br><br>He sighs slightly and continues to speak into the wind, &quot;But, I suppose in the most basic of discussions regarding religions you are correct.&quot; He shakes his head slightly using the wind to sweep the hair from his eyes and continues, &quot;Faiths, in general, require adherence to certain collective beliefs and people who do not conform to that standard, whatever it may be, are typically treated worse than those who do. I would imagine that when viewed objectively by an outsider, even devotion to the Gardener may seem to conform to these relative truisms. The only fallacy I see in your reasoning would be to assume that there is not a uniform set of beliefs and standards that all reasonable people adhere to, with or without religion. I&apos;d submit to you that there are rules of conduct which most reasonable people embrace. The way that I view and approach veneration to the Gardener allows others to be their own individual so long as these most basic of customs are observed. If you view the world as shades of gray, rather than as being jet black or stark white, you are more capable of accepting others and celebrating their uniqueness. As long as people do not try to hurt my god, my family, myself, or my companions, I see no reason that they should be judged unworthy or as an enemy.&quot;<br><br>He turns to look over his shoulder at Grace casually, &quot;Do you believe in anything?&quot;

-Keith U., June 28

---

&quot;I am the physical manifestation of a divine jaundice, am I not?  It never seemed like a matter of belief for me that the powers of Heaven and Hell and the realms in between mingle and clash in this world.&quot;

-Ben, June 28

---

Oi chuckles, still looking back over his shoulder, &quot;I am not one for judging physical appearances. As for believing in powers, or heaven, or hell, or realms in between, that wasn&apos;t really the intent of my inquiry. I apologize for being somewhat obtuse, please let me clarify. What I was really asking was whether you have a personal belief system; a sort of code that you live by. Do you?&quot;

-Keith U., June 28

---

Ellie nodded in agreement at Ielenia&apos;s words. Her eyes surveyed the gloom hovering over the palace as she continued to listen to Grace and Oi.<br><br>&quot;It&apos;s making me edgy as well,&quot; she responded quietly, &quot;and the darkness is only adding to it. Another day here and even I might welcome the boat when it arrives.&quot;<br><br>Oi&apos;s voice drifted over and at the words &quot;non-lethal force&quot;, she stifled a sigh. She couldn&apos;t remember ever using non-lethal force by choice. Hopefully, he wouldn&apos;t protest too much about sending spirits to their final rest. Somehow it didn&apos;t seem quite as offensive considering they were already dead.  Having apparitions siphon life energy away, like they had done to Ielenia and Oi, might also sway his opinion on the matter. <br><br>She turned to her sister, her voice still a whisper, &quot;How are you feeling since our encounter with the spirits? I wish we had a chance to let you rest a bit. Perhaps after we go find Roan.&quot;

-Nicole, June 28 (edited: June 29)

---

&quot;I feel no need to bind my will with a code.  I&apos;ll tell you what I do have: I have this compass that I was born with.  It points, eternally, <em>straight down</em>.  I spent a long time staring down that needle, but now... I want to see what lies elsewhere.&quot;<br><br>Grace looks over the abandoned city.<br><br>&quot;And here I am.&quot;

-Ben, June 29

---

&quot;I...&quot; Ielenia shuddered. &quot;It felt so cold. I felt like I had actually been touched by death, and he stole a piece of me that will always be missing.&quot; Scuffing the toe of her boot on the ground, Ielenia begrudgingly added, &quot;And it terrified me. And I&apos;m still terrified. We haven&apos;t even made it into the heart of the evil in this place. I&apos;m not sure I want to know what waits on the other side of those palace walls.&quot; Tilting her head slightly to better hear Grace and Oi, Ielenia chuckled softly, shaking her head in disbelief. &quot;Roan. I wonder what sort of mess he created for himself this time.&quot;

-Rachel M., June 30

---

&quot;So, you <em>believe </em>in following your own free will and being the master of your own fate, no?&quot; Oi chuckles wryly. <br><br>&quot;What caused you to want to see what lies elsewhere?&quot; he asks with a genuinely curious tone and an affable smile. 

-Keith U., June 30

---

Grace gives a mild eye-roll at Oi&apos;s rejoinder.<br><br>&quot;Guilt.  Loathing.  And a little bit of encouragement from... my friends.  What causes you to ask so many questions?&quot;

-Ben, June 30

---

Oi respectfully turns around again, and scratches his head, a curious, contemplative expression on his face. &quot;I suppose I&apos;ve asked questions as far back as I can remember. As I&apos;m sure you&apos;ve noticed, I am an inquisitive and curious sort. Sadly, observation and deductive reasoning can only provide so much information, most of which is circumstantial at best. Conversation on the other hand, especially if the individuals are being truthful, yields concrete, specific, and exact data. Having so many siblings in my family, and the faith, I was always afforded someone to speak with and, as a natural extension of that, I therefore always had someone to question and answer.&quot; He shrugs somewhat apologetically. &quot;I&apos;m sorry if it bothers you.&quot;<br><br>His eyes flash a brilliant green, &quot;Guilt is an interesting motivator. It first requires a realization that the person has fallen short of some perceived standard and then acceptance of that specific standard as desirable. Lastly, it requires a remorse for the failure.&quot; He massages his forehead as if working through a complex, yet thoroughly enjoyable, puzzle, &quot;Loathing is also curious, especially when directed at yourself or your actions. Encouragement, however, I can understand. Perhaps someday I will be able to encourage you as a... (he had noticed Grace&apos;s pause) friend, as well.&quot; He finishes with a warm smile and his demeanor changes slightly, relaxing, and becoming a bit more casual, &quot;So, where are you from?&quot;

-Keith U., June 30

---

&quot;Or what mess Roan&apos;s created for <em>us</em> by heading off alone. No matter what valiant mission he has given himself, I don&apos;t think it&apos;s wise to leave him on his own. As Ursi said, I do not want to see him die. Again. Just as I do not wish to see you frightened.  We need to find a safe place for you to rest. I will even build a fire to try to take away the chill, if you like. I have felt the same icy touch, my sister, and yet I still stand before you. I promise you will be whole again.&quot; Ellie laid her hand lightly on Ielenia&apos;s shoulder before dropping it back to her side.<br><br>&quot;I know the thought is terrifying but we must go beyond the palace walls. How can we explain the depth of corruption to others if we do not know how deep it is ourselves? We can fight the evils that lurk here, begin to cleanse the city, but that comes with understanding where to begin. We cannot know the darkness that rests here if...&quot; she paused momentarily, &quot;if we do not explore it.&quot;<br><br>Ellie frowned as she finished her thought. Her brow furrowed as she looked out over the palace, only half-listening to the discussion behind her. Minutes passed before she tilted her head almost imperceptibly toward Grace and Oi.<br><br>&quot;Quite the conversation they are having, no?&quot;

-Nicole, June 30 (edited: June 30)

---

&quot;I&apos;m from wherever I just was.  If what you&apos;re asking about is where I was born, sorry; can&apos;t tell you that.  Don&apos;t know.  I spent my early childhood in many different places, mostly on the western shore.<br><br>&quot;Anyway, I hate to disappoint&#x2014;okay, maybe I don&apos;t hate it so much&#x2014;but we&apos;re not exactly likely to find ourselves friends.  The fox and the hound and all that.  Keep questioning for your own curiosity if you really must, but best not waste your time attempting to nurture a fondness.  It&apos;ll just end up burned.&quot;

-Ben, June 30

---

He nods politely, &quot;As you wish.&quot; He turns with a smile and resumes surveying the city. 

-Keith U., July 01

---

&quot;Ellie,&quot; He says sometime later, &quot; tell me about the gardens. Even now, and from this distance, they look beautiful; Although I&apos;m sure they are more natural and rustic today than they were centuries ago...&quot; He turns to Ellie waiting patiently for her answer.  

-Keith U., July 01

---

<p><span style="font-size: 12px ; font-family: &quot;arial&quot; ; color: rgb( 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap ; background-color: transparent"></span></p><span style="font-size: 13.3333333333333px ; font-family: &quot;arial&quot; ; color: rgb( 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap ; background-color: transparent">Ellie turned her gaze from the ominous black haze that hung over the palace and regarded the curious, bright-eyed elf.<br><br>&#x201C;I suppose you would want to hear of the Lady Rumaro&#x2019;s works. My mother said the gardens of Protsvitaly could not have been a better representation of her gifts to the elves. They were a place of nature and healing. A place full of life. She loved to walk their paths and, most of the time, she brought me along.  I don&#x2019;t know if I ever saw all the gardens; I&#x2019;m sure I must have at some point. I would run through the grass while she walked along a winding path covered by vines hanging from the trees.  I remember feeling warmth on my skin as we walked and, if you took a deep breath, the gardens always smelled of damp earth, sunshine and sweet blossoms. There were so many different colors, more colors than I can recall. The petals of a single flower appeared to capture a sunset and every hue in nature was represented in the flower beds. They lined the pathways, leaving splashes of lavender here and orange there. In the morning, tiny beads of dew would rest on the flowers and make the petals look like velvet if you put your nose close enough. When I got tired of running, there were places to rest, always when you needed them most. Small benches of twisted roots and stumps of trees. They weren&#x2019;t forced that way though. Almost as if they had realized you needed a rest and worked together to give you that place to sit. Canopies stretched across the pathways, providing shade between the giant trees that must have been rooted there when Protsvitaly was first built. Ivy clung to trellises and made tunnels of vines and flowers that cast green light on the paths. Archways had elaborate designs carved into honey-colored wood, mimicking the same designs etched into the gardens gates. There were waterfalls, streams and pools with multicolored fish and fairy lights that glowed softly like candles at night. The fish were too fast for me to catch, but that didn&#x2019;t stop me from trying. Sculptures and fountains decorated the grass alongside the path, and they used to tower over me as I walked by.&#x201D;<br><br>&#x201C;I tried to climb one of the fountains one day. There was something at the top of the water that I wanted to see&#x2026; a bird or insect, I think. I slipped and skinned my leg and I went running to my mother to show her the wound. I now realize it was a scrape, a child&#x2019;s injury, but it seemed world-shattering then. She gathered me on her lap, plucked the leaves from a blackberry bush and held them to my leg. She sang me a song and by the time the melody was over, the bleeding, and the pain, had stopped.&quot;<br><br>Ellie looked at the ruined gardens from the tower window, smiling distantly as she watched them from above.<br><br>&#x201C;I would like to believe we will find a break from the darkness in the Gardens but I am not sure how much of your Goddess&#x2019; influence remains here. You may have to be content with only my stories if you try to find solace there now.&#x201D;</span><span style="font-size: 12px ; font-family: &quot;arial&quot; ; color: rgb( 0 , 0 , 0 ) ; vertical-align: baseline ; white-space: pre-wrap ; background-color: transparent"></span><br>

-Nicole, July 02 (edited: July 02)

---

As Ellie begins her recount of the grandeur of the gardens, Oi&apos;s eyes begin to glaze over as imagines the scene. His face holds an odd, quirky, smile, as if his body is present but his mind is otherwise occupied. But, as he listens more and more to Ellie&apos;s description, his eyes begin focus back until he&apos;s no longer daydreaming but rather focused entirely on Ellie. <br><br>He sighs wistfully, banishing the last faint remnants of the vision. &quot;You seem so happy in your recollection of the place,&quot; he says with good-natured fondness, &quot;and your reminiscence is remarkably detailed as well, which is <em>most</em> impressive for one so young at the time. The gardens must have made quite the impression on you.&quot; At this, his demeanor changes somewhat and becomes slightly more pensive, &quot;Which makes me somewhat curious. What terrors must have transpired in your more than two and a half centuries that would cause you, one who has felt the Truth the Gardener cultivates so profoundly, to more closely follow the path set out by Her Twin?&quot; He runs his thumbnail over his chin in thought while leaning on the rampart, only half expecting a response to his inquiry, and looks out again over the obfuscated palace in the distance.

-Keith U., July 04

---

&quot;Oh, Oi, those are not just my memories. My parents have told me about Protsvitaly since I was little. Both my memory and their stories have allowed me to tell you about life here.&quot;<br><br>Ellie gathers her new shortbow and checks her other gear as she gets ready to leave the tower. <br><br>&quot;As for terrors, we can talk about that later. It is far past time we find Roan and figure out where he is headed.&quot;

-Nicole, July 05