Grace gently closes the warehouse door once everyone is inside. &#xA0;She sighs a sigh of prodigious relief, and then she picks up the conversation where she left it off.<br><br>&quot;Kid... I&apos;m sorry. &#xA0;I should have told you. &#xA0;I don&apos;t know why&#xA0;I let them convince me not to. &#xA0;Look, it&apos;s tough, you know? &#xA0;It&apos;s not a subject you&apos;re supposed to talk about, even with friends. &#xA0;It&apos;s... intimate, and I don&apos;t often do intimate.<br><br>&quot;Anybody care to lend me a hand, here? &#xA0;Nobody has seen fit to inform poor Roan that people have sex <em>for fun</em>.&quot;

-Ben, September 13

---

Oi meanders down the rope on the outside of the warehouse as Roan and Grace approach. He enters the bleak space with Illyrio and pauses briefly waiting for his eyes to adjust. The space is stark with very little furnishings save the table and lone chair in the middle of the empty space. Oi sighs and walks to the middle of the room. Once there, he rights the table with some effort and casts <em>Light</em> on his shield. He sets the heavy metal disk on the center of the table and steps back out of the ring of light, massaging his arm mindlessly. He gazes about the erie shadows and locates the forms of Ellie, Ielenia, and Ursi, fresh off the rooftop and smiles tiredly at their windblown hair. He hears Roan&apos;s armor before he and Grace make it through the door and is alert to the fact that, for the most part, all is well although the two seem to be engaged in some sort of deep conversation. As Grace shuts the door, Oi begins to understand the direction of their conversation and smirks at Grace&apos;s awkwardness. He debates for a short while internally trying to decide if he should let Grace off the hook so easily but decides to answer her call for aid and hopefully save her some blushes. He walks slowly over toward the pair, and once he&apos;s sure Roan can see him in the dim light, puts and hand on his shoulder in a strong and comforting gesture. Looking at Grace with eyes full of kindness and empathy he says,&#xA0;&quot;I think I can be of some assistance here. Roan and I go way back and, with both of us being members of religious Orders, I might be able to provide a somewhat unique perspective.&quot;<br><br>He gestures vaguely for them to sit down in a comfortable looking spot on the floor, within earshot of the group, and reaches into his pack for another couple of meads. He opens both with a couple of quick flicks of his wrist and hands one of the open bottles to Roan, &quot;Cheers mate.&quot;<br><br>After a couple of long pulls on the bottle he turns to Roan and asks, &quot;So, what happened on the ship? It was a little dark and sadly I don&apos;t have any spells that allow me to see through walls...yet.&quot;<br>

-Keith U., September 14

---

Roan happily accepts the mead and carefully sips while seating himself, preventing both his incredulity at Grace&apos;s truth bomb and the jostling of adjusting his armor from literally choking him.<br><br>&quot;Nothing bad; I actually swabbed the decks the entire time. Albeit not very well, and he watched me the whole time. I thought he was making sure that I did a thorough job, but Grace has since informed me otherwise. And apparently I&apos;m not very convincing when I &quot;break a leg&quot;. Maybe that&apos;s because I don&apos;t believe I have broken my leg before. But back to the important questions: Do people really just have sex for enjoyment? I was taught that it was a means for reproducing, and that it should be done through some type of legally or religiously binding contract for future support of said progeny. And how does that even work? Sex for fun. Is it the same as if one was trying to reproduce, or it is different? This is all just very confusing...&quot;<br><br>Roan lets out a frustrated sigh and proceeds to drain his mug. &#xA0;&quot;This is why I asked if you have books. Apparently I have missed a lot of the Truth about sexual relations.&quot;&#xA0;

-Carolyn M., September 14

---

Grace stands a few paces away where she can&apos;t smell the mead. &#xA0;She runs a hand through her hair.<br><br>&quot;Okay. &#xA0;Oi&apos;s going to help me out here because, Gods help me, it&apos;s not right for you to hear about this entirely from <em>me,</em>&#xA0;of all people. &#xA0;And I dare say he and I are going to be telling different tales. &#xA0;And the others will have yet different stories to share if they care to. &#xA0;That&apos;s good. &#xA0;It probably won&apos;t all make sense right now, but... that&apos;s the world outside of the monastery for you.<br><br>&quot;So forget the books. &#xA0;Or, wait. &#xA0;What about... poetry? &#xA0;Have you ever read a poem or heard a song about a man in love?&quot;<br>

-Ben, September 14

---

Oi chuckles quietly into his bottle as Roan relates the story of his time on the ship. He takes gradual sips of his mead here and there, nodding to communicate understanding and interest while Roan rambles a little bit. Oi understands that this revelation is understandably shocking to the young man and doesn&apos;t want to diminish the magnitude of the discovery. He also doesn&apos;t want to appear condescending or rude to his friend. Once Roan is finished he sits quietly for a moment and contemplates his next few sentences carefully before speaking.<br><br>&quot;My friend,&quot; He says warmly, &quot;As I said, I have many books, although admittedly only a few with me at the moment but unfortunately, the types of books you&apos;re referencing are not really the type one would keep in good company. To be sure, there are accounts of sexual conquests, exploits, and proclivities&#xA0;too numerous to count but the topic is not really something many debate about in public, especially when your company consists so heavily of ladies.&quot; He gazes around the room with an apologetic and somewhat embarrassed smile and clears his throat quietly. <br><br>&quot;Suffice to say, sex is a many faceted activity full of emotion, physicality and purpose. I think that everyone views sex differently which is why discussing it can sometimes be considered a bit taboo. You see, some people view sex as you have been taught, i.e., that sex is a means to ensure the survival of a species. As you&apos;ve already stated, many of the people who hold this view tend to associate sex with binding contracts, legal or religious, for the support of children. These contracts ensure the strength of the family unit and improve the statistical chances that the young might survive. Others view sex as a deeper emotional connection between those in love. They associate the possible coming of children as a natural out-flowing of that love. While these types of individuals may not have a contract <em>per se&#xA0;</em>their love acts in much the same way and the sex serves to bind them physically together in an even deeper bond. I would postulate that Ellie&apos;s relationship with Maithral may have been somewhere in this general filed, as is the relationship between my parents. Still others view sex as a hunt; the instinctual pursuit of something carnal as necessary as eating or drinking. We have instincts on many levels&#xA0;that scream for sexual contact to be sure but this view of sex is typically interpreted as perverted. From listening to the various accounts of your previous companion Quel, I think he may have fallen into this category. Laslty, sex can be just for fun with no purpose at all except to feel good about yourself. It feels exquisite and sometimes it&apos;s just something to do that makes sense. Of course the majority of these generalities are all assuming that the individuals are of <em>different </em>sexes. Once you get into same sex relationships, as with the Captain, the focus would obviously&#xA0;be less on reproduction and more on the physical enjoyment aspects of the act.&quot; <br><br>He pauses and massages his temples slowly. &quot;Make no mistake, sex is an amazing physical sensation but because the act itself is so vast making a proper description of it is immensely difficult. There are so many details and each person would likely focus on something different. The only way you yourself will know your Truth is to actually do it. I&apos;m not saying you need to change who you are, break any of your vows or turn your back on what you&apos;ve been taught, that is all for you to decide. What I am saying is that talking or reading about sex doesn&apos;t do it much justice because all its depth and significance are difficult to convey. To complicate matters&#xA0;further, each individual may have a different perspective and what is vital to one may be inconsequential or uncontemplated to another.&quot;<br><br>He takes another few swigs of mead and finds that his bottle is empty. He begins to rummage through his bag aimlessly, &quot;You know, you&apos;ve known most everyone here for a little while now, maybe if you ask them their opinions on the matter they&apos;d tell you their Truth. That might help you a little more than searching the library in the restricted section for instructions on how to please a woman...or man, if you&apos;re into that.&quot; he finds a couple more bottles of mead in the bottom of his pack, pops them open and hands one to Roan. &quot;You know if you have any questions I&apos;m here, just ask.&quot;&#xA0;

-Keith U., September 14

---

Ellie walked over the space on the floor where Oi and Roan were sitting, hand in hand with Ursinalia. She sat gracefully on the floor and combed her wind-blown hair with her fingers to put it back in some semblance of order. She left plenty of room for Ursi and Ielenia to sit beside her while she listened to Oi&apos;s explanation to Roan.<br><br>&quot;Reading a book won&apos;t help with much except mechanics of it, no matter which section you pull the book from.&quot; Ellie smirked, &quot;and both of you talking about contracts and species survival makes sex sound incredibly... boring. Oi, do you have any more of that mead? Are you okay with us all drinking, Grace? I have tea, if not. And I didn&apos;t know you were into poetry. How romantic.&quot;<br><br>Ellie pulled off her backpack and set it down protectively next to her where she could watch it and the precious Chains it held.&#xA0;She leaned heavily on the pack and tried desperately not to laugh.<br><br>&quot;Contracts are definitely not required- I didn&apos;t have one every time or with every person- but enjoyment and partnerships are not mutually exclusive either. Did they really not tell you anything more than sex is how you have children, Roan? Gods, I do owe you a drink or two when we get back to the inn. It&apos;s not the expertise of a priest but I think they should add a few notes to their lessons. I&apos;m going to guess based on the current discussion that you haven&apos;t... explored that part of your education and we&apos;ve already touched on this subject a little with Grace so I&apos;ll spare her for a few minutes. But how about you, Oi? Have you ever had a lover? Unless you&apos;d prefer not to discuss it with ladies present. I actually find it amusing that you were theorizing about my sex life when I&apos;m in the same room but I realize that may be uncomfortable for you.&quot;<br><br>A smile played on Ellie&apos;s face as she leaned off her pack to grab some more of the dried meat she had been eating on the roof. With her other hand, she gently pulled Ursinalia to sit next to her on the floor to join in the group&apos;s intimate conversation.

-Nicole, September 15

---

Oi blushes at Ellie&apos;s mention of his theorizing about her sex life. He squeaks a little with nervousness at her attention but quickly hides his discomfort by rummaging aggressively through his pack for more mead. Not looking up, his typically elegant speech abandons him as he skittishly tries to backpedal from his postulation.<br><br>&quot;Well, I...um...&quot; he grimaces, &quot;I didn&apos;t really...uh...&quot; <br><br>He&apos;s spared further blushes when he locates another few bottles of mead in his pack, &quot;Hey! Found some more! Thank the Goddess...&quot; He grins, hoping to ease his nerves a bit, and pops off the bottles for Ellie and Ursi. His mood lightens as he hands the ladies their drinks and his adrenaline subsides. He takes a couple of large gulps from his bottle, gaining a little courage and comfort from the sweet liquid and the light feeling it imparts, and sighs audibly afterwards.&#xA0;<br><br>Recomposed, he smirks, &quot;Of course I&apos;ve had lovers, Ellie. I&apos;m a <em>life</em>&#xA0;cleric. You can&apos;t make life&#xA0;<em>without</em> having sex. Sex is a natural and necessary occurrence. To me, living life to the fullest is all about exploring what we were created to do and allowing others to do the same. When viewed in that regard, sexual exploration is a fairly intuitive extension of that reasoning, wouldn&apos;t you agree?&quot;

-Keith U., September 15

---

&quot;Some nights are worse than others, and after what we just did, this is one of those nights... but I&apos;ll be fine.  Thanks, Ellie.<br><br>&quot;Anyway, who doesn&apos;t appreciate a little bit of poetry from time to time?  I wouldn&apos;t say I have a particular <em>thing</em> for it, it&apos;s just... we&apos;ve all heard a love sonnet or a lyric or two, right?  And if our little Seeker was as studious as he says he was in that monastery, surely he has, too. &#xA0;I&apos;m curious to know if anything stood out to him.&quot;

-Ben, September 15

---

&quot;I love poetry&quot; Oi swoons, &quot;it&apos;s so descriptive and full of hidden meanings.&quot;&#xA0;

-Keith U., September 16

---

Ursinalia sits down next to Ellie on the floor giggling still about the whole ordeal. When Ellie begins to straighten her hair Ursinalia bats away her hands and takes the job for herself brushing while Ellie is speaking and grinning at the exchange between Ellie and Oi.&#xA0;<br><br><em>Wonderful Oi gets to feel uncomfortable for the moment.&#xA0;</em>

-Amber  F., September 16

---

Ielenia shifts her weight from foot to foot, not knowing if she should sit down next to her sister or provide her with space. She decides to stand next to Ellie, leaning back onto the wall on her heels, cape fluttering to free itself from its position between the wall and Ielenia&apos;s back. Smirking at the idea of Grace reading romantic poetry, Ielenia accepted a bottle of mead from Oi&apos;s pack. Surprised at how passively she was handling the more intimate details of her companions&apos; personal lives, Ielenia popped open her bottle and raised it towards the center of the room. &quot;To friendship!&quot; She toasted, knocking back a quick swig of the sweet alcohol. &quot;Because this probably means we&apos;re friends now, right? Unless you hold conversations like this with everybody you meet.&quot;

-Rachel M., September 16

---

Roan let Oi&apos;s speech sink in. Ielenia&apos;s cheer rouses his interest again, and realizes everyone is now sitting in a small circle.<br><br>&quot;No, I suppose they didn&apos;t teach any more about sex than its purposes for reproduction since most of the priests seemed to have taken some type of vow. And of course I have read poetry! There are so many great love poems the monastery kept, however I never fully understood them. The romanticism of love seemed to be their achieved end, however when they discussed any physical interactions it was clouded by allusion. I had always assumed that they the individuals mentioned loved one another and that the physicality was related to creating a child. It never really crossed my mind that it could be used for other purposes. But then again that might be because I have never felt similar passions. But that means all of you have?&quot;<br><br>Roan looks around the group with child-like glee and awaits expectantly.

-Carolyn M., September 16

---

Ursinalia giggles at roans question and stops brushing momentarily to chime in ,&quot; well of course we have dear. Not that I can speak for any one except myself. Oh and Oi there was that one time I walked in on you and ... what was his name again? &quot; ursinalia grins devilishly.&#xA0;<br><br><em>I can play this game too. Ha.&#xA0;</em><br><br>&quot;Anyways, love can be boundless. There are no rules that are set in stone you can decide for yourself what rules are needed and where your comforts lay. Sometimes there are curiosities that need to be sated. I would offer to help&quot; Ursinalia winks at Roan,&quot; but I find myself unavailable past a mere discussion on the topic at the present time.&quot; &#xA0;<br><br>Ursinalia gives Ellie&apos;s shoulder a quick squeeze and returns to brushing out her almost smoothed hair and drinking her mead. &#xA0;<br><br>

-Amber  F., September 16

---

Grace gives a sideways smile, a wave of her hand, and a point of her finger to produce an illusory <em>TINK</em> at the edge of Ielenia&apos;s bottle, as if she had clinked it with another from several feet away.<br><br>&quot;I was going to chide you after a few more drinks, Oi, for being so <em>dreadfully</em> non-specific,&quot; Grace teases, &quot;but I see that&apos;s already been taken care of for me.<br><br>&quot;But hidden meanings, yes. The thing about love poems, at least the ones I&apos;ve heard, is that they always talk about two things mixed up with each other. Like you said, kid, the romance is center stage, the noble love&#x2014;devotion, loyalty, care, admiration, things you&apos;re well familiar with&#x2014;but there&apos;s always more than that, whether clouded in allusion or just buried in the tone.  There&apos;s an obsession, a lust. Desire. A desperate <em>want</em> to be with someone.<br><br>&quot;Have you truly never felt that <em>want</em>? There&apos;s someone out there&#x2014;the kind of person who enchants you, the kind of person who you can&apos;t help but write songs about&#x2014;and you just want to be near them all the time. When you can finally stand the excitement of being near them... then you want to touch their hands, feel their warmth, wrap your arms around them. Then that&apos;s not enough... you want to kiss them, and they want to kiss you. But then that&apos;s not enough, and the two of you want to be even closer to each other. So... you fuck.<br><br>&quot;... It&apos;s a little different for everybody. But maybe that gives you an idea of it.&quot;<br>

-Ben, September 17

---

Ellie joined her sister&apos;s toast and patted the floor on her other side for Ielenia to sit next to her. As she turned her attention back to the conversation, jealousy flashed over Ellie when she heard Ursinalia&apos;s proposal to Roan but it quickly changed to relief and amusement when she felt her squeeze her shoulder. She took one of Ursi&apos;s hands from her hair and kissed the back of it before letting her resume combing. She closed her eyes, enjoying the sensation of Ursi untangling the knots, and took a drink of mead as she listened to her friends.<br><br>&quot;That started off so poetic, Grace. I thought you might delve into the romanticism of seduction and making love with your soulmate with an introduction like that.&#xA0;Instead, you end with the blunt, albeit accurate, truth.&quot;<br><br>When Ellie opened her blue eyes, they sparkled with laughter.<br><br>&quot;Although, the length of time from enchantment with your partner to the time you, as Grace so eloquently put it, fuck can vary drastically from months to an evening depending on the amount of alcohol involved. I&apos;m assuming you&apos;ve already figured out that I&apos;ve felt that passion you speak of on more than one occasion and I just find it hard to believe you haven&apos;t found anyone remotely attractive in our travels.&#xA0;We&apos;ve traversed half the continent, Roan. No one has caught your eye in any of these cities? &quot;&#xA0;<br><br>She&#xA0;leaned back against Ursinalia, an arm resting on her propped knee and her mead dangling lazily from her hand.<br><br>&quot;And, Oi,&quot; Ellie grinned across the circle, &quot;what<em> was </em>his name?&quot;

-Nicole, September 17

---

Oi returns Ursi&apos;s grin and drinks his mead with a gesture conceding the point and playful a glint in his eyes. He continues to remain relatively silent while Grace speaks, save for playfully sticking his tongue out in her direction when <em>she </em>has the audacity to chastise him about being <em>vague </em>and a short bark of laughter at the blunt ending to her otherwise eloquent description of courtship.&#xA0; He nods his head in agreement as Ellie speaks, chuckling when she mentions alcohol induced attraction, and takes a little peek at Roan when she questions whether he has ever found anyone in his travels attractive. &#xA0;<br><br>He narrows his eyes lighthearted at Ellie as she again turns the spotlight on him. &quot;Don&apos;t worry my dears, I&apos;ll tell you his name, and <em>all</em> the lovely things I let that boy do to me.&quot; He raises his eyebrows in a flash of naughtiness and takes another long drink from his bottle. &quot;Although I would say that Ursi of all people should remember his name because she did think he was incredibly attractive&#xA0;to say the least before she figured out he was, how should we say, playing for the other team...?&quot; He smirks devilishly in Ursi&apos;s direction with a funny little raise of his left eyebrow as if to say, <em>touche, my love, but do you really want to play this game with <strong>me</strong>?<br><br></em>Oi reclines lazily, mimicking Ellie&apos;s posture somewhat, and after a dramatic little pause continues, &quot;His name was Anony. He was an absolutely gorgeous half-elf; tall and blessed with that perfect cross between human musculature and elven grace you so rarely see. Dark of hair and skin he had stubble along his powerful jaw that never seemed to go away but never grew beyond a certain length. I envied it immensely and loved him immediately. His smile, his scent, the tone of his voice and taste of his skin, everything about him was intoxicating but unfortunately Ursi had seen him first. I pouted for a time during their initial forays as they danced with and around each other and played the part of her masculine companion about as well as could be expected. One night, while Ursi was out hunting, he kissed me and it was immediately apparent he had been spending time with her in order to spend time with me. His kiss was strong and passionate and when our lips touched it was like a bolt of lightning shot from my lips to my toes. It was so powerful I thought he had cast shocking grasp on me but I didn&apos;t feel injured and I certainly didn&apos;t want him to stop. After that, we both knew what we wanted and we started to steal time from Ursi and then from the rest of the world as our attentions focused tighter and tighter on each other.&quot; He waves his hand in a flippant gesture, &quot;I&apos;ll spare you the gaudy details,&quot; He says with a mild grimace, &quot;we made love whenever we could but it was always in secret. After one of those encounters, Ursi barged into <em>my</em>&#xA0;room at the Inn without knocking while he and I were cuddling, it&apos;s not like she and I have ever kept secrets, but Anony apparently hadn&apos;t been as open with her. It was quite a shock to him and she does like to tease me for the look on his face when given the chance.&quot; <br><br>He finishes his mead and begins rummaging once again in his pack for more. &quot;So Roan, anyone in the wide world ever capture <em>your</em> fancy?&quot;&#xA0;He locates another bottle pops it for himself. &quot;Or do you need us to play a little match-maker between our little chores for the halflings...&quot;&#xA0;

-Keith U., September 17

---

&quot;If you&apos;re talking about fancying someone like Grace&apos;s poetic description or your electrifying experience, no. I don&apos;t think I ever have. But then again I have been pre-occupied with training, fighting, dying, reviving, and keeping up with all of you and your innuendo. Its not that I haven&apos;t been emotionally connected to anyone, because I definitely am to all of you, albeit some closer than others. And I definitely loved my adopted family at the monastery. Just none of this &apos;overwhelming passion&apos; you guys keep going on about.&quot;<br><br>Roan kept sipping from his mug while trying to recollect forgotten memories, getting more comfortable on the floor. He might actually have figured out how to move in this armor. He looks up at Oi, confused by how drastically his eye contact decreased, and then to Ellie. &quot;Is that weird?&quot;<br>

-Carolyn M., September 17

---

&quot;Match-maker it is then!&quot; Oi jests. &quot;And no, it doesn&apos;t make you weird.&quot; He looks at his friend with eyes full of empathy, &quot;It took decades for the urges to erupt in me. Granted, elves mature a little slower than humans, but it&apos;s only natural that, given your focus on training and the like coupled with being surrounded by mostly older men, your attentions would be otherwise employed.&quot; <br><br>He nudges Roan with his foot, &quot;So, if we&apos;re going to do this, we&apos;ll need some information on your preferences. Think about it and let us know or else you&apos;ll just have to get what we pick for you.&quot;He sips his mead with a wry smile and chuckles to himself.

-Keith U., September 18

---

Ellie raised an eyebrow in appreciation when Oi described his partner.<br><br>&quot;If he was half as gorgeous as you describe, I can understand the attraction. I think I have a better idea now of what you meant when you said you wanted a romantic bedtime story. I&apos;ll keep that in mind for next time.&quot; Somehow, she managed to take a long drink of her mead as she smiled. She inclined the now-empty bottle towards Oi and asked if he had any more before she settled back against Ursinalia. <br><br>Roan&apos;s concerned question that followed made her wonder if she hadn&apos;t pressed him a little too hard.&#xA0;She was happy that Oi answered him quickly and she nodded in agreement. <br><br>&quot;It&apos;s definitely not abnormal.&quot; Ellie said to Roan, silently hoping she wasn&apos;t making him uncomfortable by addressing him directly, &quot;You aren&apos;t the first human to have not had a lover at your age and you won&apos;t be the last. It&apos;s not like you&apos;ve had much exposure to that type of love anyway; you&apos;ve been surrounded by essentially only your family for your entire life. The more you branch out and explore the world, the more people you will be exposed to and someone is bound to catch your eye either for their wit, intelligence, beauty, or even humor. All of those are acceptable reasons to want to be with someone and there are plenty more than those. You just have to figure out what you appreciate in other people. There&apos;s no rush, even if it does make life more fun.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, September 18

---

Oi notices Ellie finish her mead and pops her another bottle, passing it over gently. &quot;My dear,&quot; he coos, &quot;we begin to understand each other.&quot;<br><br>He turns to Roan, &quot;...and she&apos;s right you know, life <em>is</em>&#xA0;more fun with a little romance. Wouldn&apos;t you agree, Ursi?&quot;&#xA0;

-Keith U., September 18

---

Ielenia plops down on the floor next to her sister, offering up the occasional smirk or snort as stories of passed loves were tossed around the room. Seeing Ursi and Ellie groom each other out of the corner of her eye, Ielenia realized that her hair must also be windblown. Setting her mead down to the side, she quickly swept her hair up into a bun, content to ignore the problem until later. Contributing to conversation before Ursi could speak, Ielenia asked, &quot;So out of curiosity Oi,&quot; genuine interest crossing her face, &quot;did you feel snubbed that the captain didn&apos;t take as great of a liking to you as he did&#xA0; Roan?&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., September 19

---

Oi sips his mead in contemplation. &quot;I think in the moment I was more concerned for Roan than my pride. Sailors are not to be trifled with, especially on their own ship. I feared that if Roan had gone into the cabin alone with that man it may have taken all of our efforts to extradite him. Noticing how keen the captain was on our young paladin I assumed he would naturally be more apt to continue divulging information if I appeared in support of Roan rather than you, Ellie, or Ursi. I had no way of knowing the man&apos;s attraction would be so...narrow or...defined.&quot; He smiles warmly, &quot;I do not begrudge anyone for their particular taste in companionship. But, I was a bit hurt at his immediate dismissal of me, despite my&quot; he tosses his hair playfully, &quot;fabulous hair and&quot; he purses his lips &quot;luscious lips.&quot; He playfully blows a kiss in Ielenia&apos;s direction. &#xA0;&quot;He couldn&apos;t have handled me anyway and I probably would have ruined humans for him.&quot; He shrugs nonchalantly and swigs his mead some more, &quot;His loss.&quot;<br><br>&quot;Now Ursi, my love, you&apos;ve been quiet over there.&quot; He smiles teasingly and his eyes flash with glee. &quot;Don&apos;t make me out you like you did me.&quot;

-Keith U., September 19

---

Ursinalia relaxed as Ellie lay back against her. She was
pulled away from her focus on Ellie at Oi&#x2019;s question. <br><br>
&#x201C;Oh of course romance is wonderful!&#x201D; Ursinalia said with
a dramatic flourish of her arm and her hair. <br><br>
&#x201C;I suppose it becomes what you find romantic. It is delightful
to be captivated by another. To be drawn to their intelligence, and beauty, and
strength, and grace.&#x201D; Ursinaia walks her fingers Ellie&#x2019;s arm as she describes
her. <br><br>
&#x201C;Do your worst Oi, I have no shame in my past. As far as
exploring curiosities go there&#x2019;s nothing quite like someone with the same
questions as you. Bryn for example had many of the same questions as I. For
one, what is it like to make love as a wolf? However the answer is more difficult to explain to those without the experience. Communing with nature is an all encompassing description is it not?&#x201D; Ursinalia Winks and giggles.&#xA0;<br>

-Amber  F., September 20

---

Ielenia snorted at Oi flaunting himself and sipped her mead through a smile, only to spit it out immediately as Ursi hinted at her previous forays. Snapping her head around to face Ursi, Ielenia exclaimed, &quot;You what?&quot; She grabbed Ellie, pulling at her sister&apos;s hand, drawing her away from Ursi. &quot;You are not having wolf sex with my sister. Even if she can&apos;t become pregnant with your pups, there&apos;s a limit to inner-species relations.&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., September 20

---

Oi giggles at the whole affair, &quot;Ah....the awesomeness of druids. Cheers Ursi.&quot; He raises his bottle in aknowledgment and goes back to sipping his mead. &quot;I&apos;ll leave the wolf sex objections, if any, to Ellie. That&apos;s her domain now. Sorry to leave you out in the cold Ielenia, but they&apos;re grown and capable of making their own choices.&quot;

-Keith U., September 20

---

Ursinalia laughs at the idea of wolf sex with Ellie and the absurdity of it all,&quot; ielenia dear I could not even if I had inclination for it. Do not worry about such things. Once was more than enough for me. I find it will likely never happen again.&quot;&#xA0;

-Amber  F., September 20

---

Oi finishes his mead and locates another, popping it while he says, &quot;See, Ielenia, nothing to worry about. *POP* &quot;By the way? What kind of partners have you had? Someone as beautiful as yourself must certainly have some stories to tell...&quot;&#xA0;

-Keith U., September 20

---

Ellie put one finger in the air to pause Oi&apos;s question and looked curiously at Ursinalia. <br><br>&quot;Wait, hold on a moment, Oi. <em>Likely</em> never again, Ursi?&quot; <br style="line-height: 26.6667px"><br style="line-height: 26.6667px">She leaned over to grab her mead, downing most of it in one draw. When she put the bottle down, she smiled wickedly at Ursi and called the tiny lightning bolts of Shocking Grasp to her fingers.&#xA0;<br style="line-height: 26.6667px"><br>&quot;Even though I am not comfortable with getting to know Wolf or Bear quite as intimately as Bryn did, just let me know if you would like to find someone who is. I do not want any of those curiosities of yours to go unanswered, even if that particular proclivity is not a favorite of mine. However,&quot; Ellie leaned close enough to Ursinalia to let her feel the electricity in the spell and traced a line from the blonde elf&apos;s lips to the hollow of her throat, &quot;I think I would like to continue this discussion of other ways to commune with nature in a more... private setting.&quot;<br><br>Ellie&apos;s smile didn&apos;t leave as she dismissed the spell and flipped over to resume her place relaxing against Ursinalia. She glanced across the circle to Ielenia and raised her bottle to her.<br><br style="line-height: 26.6667px">&quot;Sorry to interrupt, little fox, but I didn&apos;t want to leave anyone hanging with my decision. And, Grace, I believe I&apos;ve left you alone long enough and you&apos;ve been oh-so-quiet over there. Why don&apos;t you join us and tell us about your enjoyment with that attractive tiefling or your lovely Isabel? Surely, you put that Message spell of yours to good use and the occasional Disguise Self to stir things up, although, they must both have loved your horns as much as I do. And wild magic must have made things quite... interesting.&quot;

-Nicole, September 20

---

&quot;Oooooo...&quot; Oi mocks playfully, &quot;yeah, Grace, what about thoooooooooose people?&quot; Oi dissolves into a myriad of giggles as he eyes Grace and then Ursi lightheartedly.&#xA0;

-Keith U., September 20 (edited: September 20)

---

Grace reddens slightly.<br><br>&quot;Look, again... it&apos;s all... <em>Gods</em>, I was so stupid. &#xA0;Isabel was really... great, and attentive, and... creative... and <em>hot</em>. &#xA0;What I&apos;m saying is that she was <em>really</em>&#xA0;good in bed. &#xA0;But I still had to imagine her as a man to <em>get anywhere</em>, you know? &#xA0;And what she got in return out of it was me, fumbling around, pretending like I wanted her body so badly. &#xA0; &#xA0;And, yeah, I, uh... burned her in the shoulders once, holding her with my hands while she worked me up. &#xA0;Thank the Gods it was just her shoulders. &#xA0;She was so good-natured about it, but... I didn&apos;t make that mistake again.<br><br>&quot;I <em>adored</em>&#xA0;her, though. &#xA0;I still admire her, wherever she is. &#xA0;But that&apos;s just not enough. &#xA0;I think, maybe... maybe she could tell. &#xA0;I am a good liar, but she was so damned smart, and she paid so much attention. &#xA0;Or maybe that&apos;s something I tell myself to make it feel better.&quot;<br><br>She shifts in the seat she&apos;s taken, slightly apart from the rest of the circle.<br><br>&quot;Swift was a tiefling, so I didn&apos;t have to worry about burning him. &#xA0;And male, so no more imaginary cock. &#xA0;But I never got to know him really <em>that</em> well. &#xA0;We met, started sleeping with each other, and split over about... a month and a half? &#xA0;A whirlwind romance, even by tiefling or human standards. &#xA0;Mostly we were just... intensely interested in each other. &#xA0;He loved playing the two-lies-and-a-truth game with me. &#xA0;He got pretty good at it. &#xA0;I loved trying to play the questions game, you know, the one where you try to carry on a conversation with just questions, and the first person to answer or hesitate in their reply loses? &#xA0;I got pretty good at <em>that</em>. &#xA0;And then one of us would lose and we&apos;d be in bed.<br><br>&quot;You know the tails really get in the way, right? &#xA0;It&apos;s really uncomfortable for tieflings to lie on their backs. &#xA0;Harder to spoon, too. &#xA0;From what I hear, that rules out about half of the things that humans do to each other in bed.<br><br>&quot;And I never thought about using <em>Disguise</em>&#xA0;quite like that... but I only learned it in the last few months anyway, and I don&apos;t expect an opportunity to try it out any time soon. &#xA0;Alas. &#xA0;But damn it all if you elves aren&apos;t... imaginative.&quot;<br>

-Ben, September 20 (edited: September 20)

---

Oi giggles thinking about Grace&apos;s tail and her recount of how difficult it made her life. It wasn&apos;t something that he had ever considered. &quot;So if not on your back and not spooning, how do tieflings cuddle?&quot; He giggles some more and swigs more mead.

-Keith U., September 20

---

Grace smirks through her faint blush.<br><br>&quot;... Carefully. &#xA0;No demonstrations from me, but next time we meet another, I&apos;ll put in a good word for you and maybe they&apos;ll share.&quot;

-Ben, September 20 (edited: September 20)

---

Ellie moved a hand to her shoulder as Grace told them about her lovemaking with Isabel and laughed at the possibility of Oi getting a tiefling to show him how they cuddle.<br><br style="line-height: 26.6667px">&quot;I don&apos;t know why you tear yourself apart for not being physically attracted Isabel. You appreciated her in the best way you knew how but she just wasn&apos;t right for you. I mean, having to imagine someone as a man the whole time is just too much thought. And really unfulfilling in more ways than one. There would be no room in your mind for just enjoying the sensation of it all.&quot;<br><br style="line-height: 26.6667px">&quot;It must have been a relief for you to be with Swift, and not just for the, ah, burn protection. I never considered the possibility of burns or the issues with your tail honestly, but I see how it could get in the way. Sometimes. Maybe an asset in other ways?&quot; She leaned forward and playfully batted at Grace&apos;s tail with a grin. &quot;Perhaps you should try being with an elf. I&apos;m sure with our imaginations, it would only discount a quarter of the things we could do to a tiefling in bed instead of half.&quot; <br style="line-height: 26.6667px"><br style="line-height: 26.6667px">Leaning back again, Ellie finished her second bottle of mead. The drink was dangerously delicious. She lightly brushed her fingers up and down the length of Ursinalia&apos;s arm as she contemplated how embarrassed Grace seemed talking about her lovers.<br><br>&quot;Are you okay sharing all these stories with us, Grace? I mean, you don&apos;t look nearly as relaxed about it as we are, despite that very pretty picture you painted for Roan.&quot;

-Nicole, September 20

---

&quot;Oh, it&apos;s fine, I&apos;m fine. &#xA0;It&apos;s not really the sex. &#xA0;It&apos;s the... I mean, <em>come on</em>. &#xA0;It&apos;s bad enough that I lied to Isabel all that time. &#xA0;She didn&apos;t deserve that. &#xA0;But, worse, I did it because&#xA0;<em>I thought I was a succubus placed on earth to steal the souls of men, so to deny my fate I had to sleep with women.</em> &#xA0;Just saying that out loud makes me want to curl up into a corner and die of shame, it&apos;s so ridiculous.&quot;<br><br>Grace sighs.<br><br>&quot;But I was a teenager, and I was old enough to know that Hell&apos;s monsters roam the earth and that lots of people out there think that I <em>am</em>&#xA0;one of those monsters. &#xA0;And I had just figured out that I had an urge to be near men, and terrible magic making itself first known to me all around the same time.&#xA0; I just wasn&apos;t old enough to know how complicated the truth really is, and how those things didn&apos;t add up to what I thought they added up to.&quot;<br><br>She takes another breath and returns Ellie&apos;s grin.<br><br>&quot;I appreciate that you&apos;re willing to look out for me... in more ways than one. &#xA0;But trust me, I&apos;m not one to get suckered into talking about something I&apos;m not mostly willing to talk about. &#xA0;And, uhm... so far I haven&apos;t met an elven man who really gives me that <em>feeling</em>, but if I do, you&apos;ll be the first to know.&quot;

-Ben, September 21

---

Ielenia blushed at Oi&apos;s request for information, turning about as red as her hair and trying to sink back into the wall. Thankful for her sister&apos;s intense curiosity over Ursi and Grace, Ielenia immediately pulled her hair down and started untangling it in such a way that her locks partially obscured her face as she recomposed herself, building up her protective wall of apathy as her companions spilled the details of their lives.

-Rachel M., September 21

---

&quot;I never took you for one to divulge information you didn&apos;t want to, <em>sailor</em>.&quot; Ellie&apos;s playful teasing was only magnified by the little salute she gave Grace with her empty bottle as she sat up. She scooted over to Ielenia and started helping her untangle the back of her copper locks, allowing the front to still cover her face. She leaned very closely to her sister&apos;s ear and&#xA0;whispered so only she could hear. <br><br>&quot;You don&apos;t have to answer him if you don&apos;t want to.&quot; She leaned back, continuing to untangled her sister&apos;s hair, and found the eyes of their young human companion.<br><br>&quot;So, any thoughts or questions so far, Roan? Is any of this making sense?&quot;

-Nicole, September 21

---

Ielenia visibly relaxed at the sound of her sister&apos;s words. She squeezed Ellie&apos;s hand, hoping the depth of her love and appreciation was apparent through that small gesture. <br>

-Rachel M., September 21

---

Roan&apos;s mug sat forgotten a few feet in front of him. &#xA0;Hearing Ellie&apos;s direct line of questioning, which was less obtrusive than Oi&apos;s previous queries, broke him out of a state of wonderment.<br><br>&quot;Sorry. Yes, it&apos;s making sense. I just never really expected you all to be so open about this. Or so.... uh, experienced? And no, I don&apos;t have questions about specifics. At least not now. Well, maybe a couple....&quot;<br><br>Roan takes a deep breath and pauses to collect his thoughts.<br><br>&quot;Back to how this all feels. You just kinda know, and are slowly or suddenly struck by a passion that you feel like you have little control over? Or can you control your feelings?<br><br>&quot;Grace, you mentioned having feelings for someone, but not wanting to have sex with them? Is that common too? And what the Truth is a succubus, and why did you think you were one?<br><br>&quot;And Ursi, does curiosity play a factor in your sexual decisions of who you&apos;re interested in? Or does that come after the initial attraction?<br><br>&quot;Oi, what were you meaning about &apos;urges erupting later in life&apos; and &apos;something, something old men&apos;? And when did you meet Anony? Was it serious? If so are you still together, and should we make sure to send you home soon?<br><br>&quot;Ielenia, are you uncomfortable by all this? You tend to braid your hair when you get intimidated. Or start throwing daggers, and I would prefer to avoid that.<br><br>&quot;Ellie, why did you do the lightning thing? Is that related to your sex thing? Or was that just a one time thing to make a point? And why are you and Ursi so tense after you did it?<br><br>&quot;Illyrio, is that why you want Celeste back? You just really miss her and it&apos;s hard to control your emotions?<br><br>&quot;Is all love like that? Stronger than the mightiest of waves, it knocks you off your feet, drags you below and &#xA0;leaves you gasping? Was that a metaphor or a simile? Or can love manifest itself in different ways, like how you love a friend or family member? Does sex actually feel good or does it sometimes involve discomfort? Can it hurt? DOES LOVE HURT?&#xA0;Is is similar to anger? Or even blood-lust? Well, you know with out the blood. Maybe it could be called &apos;lust&apos;. Wait.......<br><br>Roan pulls out his dictionary, furiously flipping back to one of his earlier entries.<br><br>&quot;That word makes so much more sense now.&quot;

-Carolyn M., September 22 (edited: September 22)

---

Grace can&apos;t help but laugh at the torrent of questions while she holds her hands over her eyes in shame.<br><br>&quot;Aaaargh, you just won&apos;t let me off the hook for that one, will you? Hah. &#xA0;Okay.  The <em>succubi</em> are otherworldly fiends, like devils.  They are devastatingly beautiful, and their kiss is said to be enchanting, in a very literal sense.  They promise you&#x2014;and will indeed give you&#x2014;sexual pleasure without limits.  The cost, of course, is your soul, and whatever foul betrayals the succubus might direct you to commit before she kills you.<br><br>&quot;I already told you why I thought I was one.  To put it more directly, what I found out later was that people born with magic tend to first experience it around the time they complete their physical maturation.  That is to say, all within a span of a few months, my breasts began growing, mysterious sparks and fires began starting around me that I somehow knew were my fault, my hips began widening, people around me complained about seeing and hearing strange things, I started drooling over the boys my age... and, um, a few other aspects of womanhood I promise you would prefer I not explain to you... combine all that with my increasing certainty in my belief that I was Hell-spawn with a penchant for evil, and... a healthy dose of just being moody, full of myself, and stupid... and I arrived at the wrong conclusion.<br><br>Grace looks at the ground and runs a hand through her hair, but she does look quite a bit more at ease than the first few times this came up. &#xA0;She looks back up.<br><br>&quot;Anyway, enough of that.  Right, I didn&apos;t <em>really</em> want to sleep with Isabel.  I mean, I <em>did </em>want to, I guess.  I wanted to want to, and I wanted her to have the fun she wanted, so I tried.  But the unfortunate truth is that... desire might be malleable, but not <em>that</em> malleable.  Just because I <em>wanted</em> to enjoy sex with her doesn&apos;t mean I could.<br><br>&quot;Like I said earlier, with the poetry, love and desire.  I think I felt most of the things for her that might be expected of the word love, but not the desire.  Although, to a lot of people, it&apos;s not love without that burning desire for them.  Or they&apos;d consider it a different sort of love, the kind that can be said to exist between close friends. Yes, friendly and familial love share the word with romantic love, but it&apos;s a... somewhat different set of feelings. &#xA0;It&apos;s really all tangled and confusing.  Is it common?  I think it&apos;s common enough to adore someone like I did without really desiring their body, but... the way I came about it and handled it is not common, no.  Or maybe there was something special about it even regardless of that.  Who the Hell knows?&quot;<br><br>Grace decides that, if Roan is going to keep digging at the succubus episode, she&apos;s going to needle him some in return.  She gets a look in her eye.<br><br>&quot;As to your first questions... let me back up a moment, because I think you might be able to learn something about it from yourself.  I agree with Oi that it&apos;s not weird at all that you haven&apos;t had any romantic experiences thus far, but you are, what, eighteen or nineteen years old or so?  I do think it would be unusual if you hadn&apos;t felt, hm, <em>something</em>.  Even if you didn&apos;t really know it at the time.  Have you ever... felt your heart start to do backflips in your chest, like it would if you were about to attempt some difficult and important test, but just because a certain someone walked into the room?  Have you ever just wanted to go where they go, to be where they are?  Have you ever tripped over your words with someone and relived that shame in your mind with a <em>special</em> angst for the next few days?  Have you ever hoped&#x2014;and somehow dreaded, at the same time&#x2014;that they would address you, out of a group?<br><br>&quot;If you try and tell me that in all those years in Afon, you never felt any of those things... Oi will just have to redouble his efforts to introduce you to someone nice, won&apos;t he?&quot;

-Ben, September 22

---

Oi sits dumfounded at Roan&apos;s monologue for a minute and then starts to snicker and giggle quietly at Roan&apos;s torrent of questions and thinly veiled interest in sex. After Roan directs his questions to Oi specifically he rolls on his back and dissolves into a hysterical fit of quiet, yet jovial, laughter as Roan continues his absurd torrent of questions for the others. Oi pulls himself together somewhat after Grace begins speaking but even then the word <em>succubus</em>&#xA0;makes him snort and break out in ridiculous little giggles.&#xA0;At the mention of his name he fixes in on the last part of Grace&apos;s response and chimes in instinctually, &quot;I&apos;ll give all the effort it takes to find our sweet Roan a suitable partner!&quot; and punctuates his pronouncement with a salute of his bottle. <br><br>He looks at Roan with a goofy sort of grin, &quot;Roan, love is a very complicated emotion. It can be romantic, brotherly, familial, or any number of other affections. To answer your question, love and sex,&quot; he giggles childishly *hehe* &quot;are not necessary bedfellows, no pun intended, but they DO accentuate one another and serve as a sort of fuel for each other. You can definitely have, and enjoy, one without the other.&quot; <br><br>He sips his mead deeply. &quot;To answer more of your questions, you&apos;re right feelings can usually be controlled but attraction, I mean the basic unconscious understanding that someone is physically desirable, is not something you typically attempt to control or even think about in the forefront of your mind. Attraction is instinctual and you know it deep in your core without any effort. Of course you can almost always choose not to act on the attraction, unless your self control has been eroded by something, like alcohol for instance,&quot; he shakes the remaining mead in his bottle and eyes the small pile of empty ones near his pack &quot;but that doesn&apos;t make the feeling any less intense. Attraction and love are different. Love may be born out of physically attraction or other circumstances but in my experience, love is something that is grown over time with patient effort.&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>He pauses and finishes his mead, &quot;As for Anony&quot; he says quietly as small tears appear in the corners of his bright eyes &quot;it was serious for me but apparently not for him. He&apos;s gone now and has been since before you and I met. I doubt he wants to be found. If he had, he would&apos;ve used his real name.&quot; He wipes the small tears away and digs in his bag for something crunchy to munch on. Upon locating some granola he tears into it rabidly filling his cheeks to capacity.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Now sex,&quot; he giggles again, *hefhefhef* &quot;you cheeky bafftard,&quot; *crunch crunch* he playfully throws pieces of granola at Roan &quot;fffeels amazingk&quot; *crunchy crunch cruncher* &quot;...moft of the thime&quot; *crunk* &quot;...espeffially for men.&quot; He swallows his enormous mouthful of granola &quot;We&apos;re much easier to read. Women are much more subtle and require attention, finesse, and a greater level of comfort for sex&quot; he snorts *snork* and fills his mouth again &quot;to be immenffely pleafurable buff&quot; *crunchy crunch crunchin* &quot;...from what I&apos;ve heard and read&quot; *cronk crunch crunchenin* &quot;...their sexual capacity is much higher than that of males. But,&quot; *cronky crunch crunch crunch* He swallows again, &quot;I&apos;ll let the ladies get further into that if they so desire.&quot;

-Keith U., September 22

---

After Grace and Oi had finished their tales, Ielenia sighed. &quot;Yes Roan, I am uncomfortable, though not for lack of experience. However I must say I am rather impressed with how perceptive you are becoming.&quot; Tilting her her head, she delayed her response a moment longer, working up courage. &quot;Perhaps you will find your truth after all.&quot; Nervous, she took out a dagger and started twirling it deftly through her fingers. &quot;Don&apos;t worry,&quot; she smiled, the mirth not quite reaching her eyes. I won&apos;t throw it.&quot; Seeing all eyes on her, Ielenia looked down at her hands and shook her head.&#xA0;<br><br>Before she could think twice about it, Ielenia decided to be brave. She corrected her posture, took a deep breath, and began to talk very quickly. &quot;I&apos;ve got one that&apos;ll beat your stories, Oi. You wanna know how I learned the art of stealth?&quot; She glanced around, faint light dancing behind her eyes. &quot;I snuck off with some other young elvish boy, oh, I couldn&apos;t have been much&#xA0;&#xA0;older than Roan. But Uncle Rhawon caught us. He almost killed the poor kid, but father managed to knock him out first. I gave him a kiss as we left, but I don&apos;t think he could feel it. Shock or something.&quot; Ielenia waved the concern away, &quot;From then on,&quot; she continued, &quot;I learned what it meant to be quiet.&quot;<br><br>&quot;It continued like that for years, when I was younger. Whenever we were close to a town I would sneak off in the middle of the night and return just before dawn. I would make a habit of taking a trinket or two from my lovers as a memento, depositing it somewhere in the forest nearby. Little acorns for me if I ever came back to claim them.&quot; Ielenia leaned back a little, touching her back to the wall, staring at the ceiling. &quot;It was fun, it was exciting. For a while anyway. I can&apos;t remember when it started, but I started to get sick of my lovers always leaving, or having to leave myself that night. I stopped having fun. I started becoming disgusted with myself. We were just using each other. There was no meaning to it. We were animals. So I stopped my excursions into the towns unless some powerful urge overcame me, but I was increasingly disinterested in the proposition. That is,&quot; Ielenia squeezed her eyes shut. &quot;Until I met Lorne.&quot;<br><br>When she opened her eyes, a thousand emotions played across her face, no one staying for more than a few seconds. &quot;He was a human. Not my first, but certainly my last. This man was built like a brick house. And something about him... it was like fire. He was wild, untamed, brash. The reality of his fleeting life must have struck some deep chord within him. He was so much more alive than the other elves I&apos;d been with. They&apos;d all become lazy and complacent with the drudging passage of time. As much as I hate to admit it, I was smitten.&quot; Ielenia stopped spinning the dagger, grip tightening around the knife, her demeanor&apos;s intensity flickering like the flames she had just described. &quot;I stayed that morning. And several other mornings. I kept telling father that there was more business to be had in this town, that we should stay. But I think he knew the real reason.&quot;<br><br>&quot;Lorne was the head of an adventuring party. At night I would lie on his chest and he would tell me about the adventures he&apos;d been on. In turn, I&apos;d tell him stories about my travels with father, the messes Rhawon inevitably created for himself, the things I would steal.&quot; Ielenia placed the point of her dagger on the ground, holding it tightly in both hands. &quot;He said he would be happy to have my skills for his next mission. Of course I agreed immediately. Father was a different story however. After the city fell, Adran became very cautious. Very aware of shadows. It was a fortnight before I convinced him to let me join the adventuring party. He was in tow, of course. But it didn&apos;t matter. I was in <em>love.</em>&quot; Ielenia spit out the last word, anger clearly sticking to her face. <br><br>Shaking with her disgust, Ielenia practically yelled out the rest of her story. &quot;That bastard brought us to an opulent house in the middle of the woods. I don&apos;t even know what the fuck we were supposed to be stealing. I was too <em>fucking </em>smitten to ask. That was when the house caught fire. That was when Lorne, my <em>darling captain </em>came out of the smoke to raise his blade over my head. That&apos;s when he killed my father. I was homeless for the past <em>five years</em>&#xA0;because of this bastard. Because I was too <em>stupid </em>to see him for what he was. So my father gave his last breath saving my crazy naive ass.&quot; Ielenia slammed the tip of the dagger into the soft ground. Her rage subsided into something more akin to grief. &quot;At least Adran got that sorry bastard too.&quot; She was silent for a moment, the tension hanging in the air. Then said to herself more than anyone else, &quot;Hell if I ever have sex again.&quot;<br><br>Ielenia abruptly finished the last half of her mead in one quick gulp, and pushed herself off of the ground, flakes of dirt falling off her dagger as she pulled it from the earth. She briskly walked farther away from her friends. &quot;Didn&apos;t throw it,&quot; she begrudgingly mumbled to Roan as she passed him. &quot;But I&apos;m sure as hell going to.&quot; Ielenia flipped the table on her way to find a suitable space of wall. She knelt on the ground, etching a target into the building.

-Rachel M., September 23

---

Ellie sat stunned as Ielenia finished her story. As her sister got up and started carving into the building, she rose from her seat with a promise to return shortly. She knelt next to her sister and gently turned her chin towards her so she could look into her green-gold eyes. Careful of the dagger Ielenia held, she crushed her in a fierce hug, trying to pour every ounce of love, sorrow and understanding she could into the one brief moment. <br><br>&quot;Let me know when the target is done, okay?&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>She planted a kiss on her sister&apos;s forehead as she stood and returned to group, leaving Ielenia with some space to breathe. Reclaiming her former space on Urisnalia&apos;s lap, Ellie looks distressed.<br><br>&quot;You asked if love hurts, Roan. Based on personal experience and the stories of our friends, I would say it does but not in the same way that, say, a knife cut or an arrow hurts you. Losing someone you love, either a family member or a dear friend, is difficult enough but I think losing someone you have chosen to be romantically involved with is devastating. You gain a trust with that other person, a sense of happiness and completion that you don&apos;t get with just everyone, and to have that taken away is life-altering, especially through betrayal or an unexpected death. However, as painful as it is if it is lost, there is no greater feeling than loving someone and having them love you so wholly and equally in return. Love is one of the most completely uplifting and amazing feelings you could ever feel. The sun will seem brighter, your heart lighter, and even your food and drink will taste better than any other food you have ever tasted.&#xA0;If you do tell us that you haven&apos;t felt anything that Grace has described&#x2014;and I am still waiting for your answers&#x2014;I hope you take Oi up on his offer when you are ready.&quot;<br><br>Ellie sat quietly watching Ielenia carve the target before waving her hand as if to brush away the seriousness of the conversation.<br style="line-height: 26.6667px"><br style="line-height: 26.6667px">&quot;I&apos;m sorry. You asked other questions about lighter topics, not just love and pain. Although,&quot; &#xA0;<br><br>The glimmer in her eyes returned, as did the smirk on her face,<br><br>&quot;for some people, pain has its place in this conversation as well. I think we should reserve explanation of that kind of love for another night. So, you wanted to know about the lightning?&quot;<br><br>Ellie tilted her head back to look up as Ursinalia and then turned her eyes back to Roan.<br><br>&quot;I actually didn&apos;t use lightning when I first picked up spell work; I favored a fire spell, although nothing on Grace&apos;s level. One week,&#xA0;I was hired to escort a trade wagon to a small city. We were supposed to be gone for a few weeks and had already made one of the inns our nightly routine so I figured it would be more of the same drinking and talking that evening. I had been speaking to a half-elf wizard since we had arrived and the attraction between us was immediate. He was handsome, blonde hair, lean muscles, with sharp wit and a strong jawline. I have an appreciation for beautiful things and I&apos;ll be damned if he wasn&apos;t one. After about a week and a few drinks, he whispered quite the suggestive Message, one thing led to the next and, while it wouldn&apos;t be the same as being intimate with someone you are truly in love with, we found our way to his bedroom.&#xA0;There&apos;s a difference between making love, having sex or just plain fucking. They all have their advantages and even though some people use the terms interchangeably, I prefer to differentiate; this was most definitely the last-mentioned. It was hot and passionate and, <em>gods,</em> it was fantastic. He had mastered using fire and cold spells in ways that I had never dreamed of and it made the sex... intense to say the least. Definitely one of the most memorable trade missions I had been sent on so far and I thoroughly enjoyed the next few weeks in that town. The last week he showed me how to use my magic in much the same way as he used his, although he had developed much more finesse than I could master in such a short time. We parted ways after the traders were finished and I never saw him again. I showed Maithiral what I&apos;d learned using my own spell and he, in turn, had a few tricks that I was unaware of, some involving the lightning spell you just saw me use.&quot;<br><br>&quot;You want to know why I used it? I wanted to give Ursi something to think about, both somewhat of a promise to continue the discussion and a little bit of foreplay. It was definitely to make a point but I have used it in other ways and plan to in the future.&#xA0;I&apos;m over two centuries old, Roan. There are very few things that haven&apos;t been a part of <em>my sex thing </em>at one point or another.&#xA0;As far as why I&apos;m so tense, I can only speak for myself and not Ursi. I&apos;m in a warehouse in the middle of the night&#xA0;<em>talking</em> about sex we&apos;ve had and communing with nature in all kinds of ways, with a beautiful, clever, intelligent, and alluring druid that I just started a relationship with sitting about foot from me. If you really want the full explanation, I&apos;ll be happy to provide it but I will have to believe you haven&apos;t heard a word of this entire night&apos;s conversation we&apos;ve been having.&quot;

-Nicole, September 23 (edited: September 23)

---

Ielenia nodded at Ellie&apos;s request, tightly hugging her sister. Tears, unbidden, welled in her eyes. She was emotionally exhausted, and Ellie&apos;s pure show of concern had brought down the last of her walls. Concentrating now on her work, Ielenia&apos;s rage was still burning slow, embers of what it once was. To her own surprise, she was relieved she had shared her story. <em>Perhaps hiding regret isn&apos;t the only show of strength, </em>she thought. Brushing the dirt off of her knees, Ielenia stood up and began to walk away from the target. &quot;Ellie,&quot; she called out, pivoting around in a full circle, letting fly a dagger from her hand. &quot;Target&apos;s done.&quot; <em>thunk. </em>It was a bullseye.

-Rachel M., September 23

---

Ellie bounces up when she hears Ielenia from across the warehouse. She grabs her bow and quiver and, after a second hesitation, grabs her pack as well. Dropping her pack next to her sister, she tests the draw on her bow before loosing an arrow at Ielenia&apos;s carving. It hits the upper left corner of the target with a solid thunk.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;You know what?&quot; Ellie asks of her sister. She fluidly reaches for a second arrow and lets it fly. The bowstring sings out with a <em>twang</em>.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Whatever part of Hell Lorne wound up in,&quot;<br><br><em>Twang</em>. <em>Thunk</em>.<br><br>&quot;he should be relieved Adran stabbed him in that building.&quot;<br><br><em>Twang. Thunk.<br><br></em>&quot;I would have taken immense pleasure in hunting him down and killing him myself.&quot;<br><br><em>Twang</em>. <br><br>&quot;Slowly.&quot;<br><br>The last arrow sank into the bullseye, sharing the space with Ielenia&apos;s dagger, and completing an X across the target. Ellie looks at Ielenia, a cold, hard look in her blue eyes. Her gaze softens as she looks at her sister and brushes her copper hair from her face before picking up her bow again with a smile.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Throw the dagger again.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, September 26

---

&quot;Slowly... hm.&quot;<br><br>Grace turns to to regard Ielenia and Ellie over her shoulder.<br><br>&quot;Hey. &#xA0;Ielenia. &#xA0;You&apos;re, ah... I know what... oh... fuck it.&quot;<br><br>She gives Roan a look that says <em>don&apos;t think I&apos;ll forget</em>, and then she stands to join the two elves. &#xA0;She rubs her fingers together to produce a few sparks and a little wisp of smoke. &#xA0;Her eyes move from the elves to the carved target and back.<br><br>&quot;You know, once upon a time, you and I... I probably would have enjoyed watching you beat yourself up like this. &#xA0;But not now, no. &#xA0;It hurts a little bit. &#xA0;We should talk. &#xA0;Room for one more?&quot;

-Ben, September 26

---

Despite herself, Ielenia smiled at her sister&apos;s love and sense of vengeance. Obliging Ellie&apos;s request, Ielenia let loose another dagger. Turning to her sister, she said, &quot;Bet you can&apos;t hit one before it gets to the target.&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>Ielenia nods, moving to make room for Grace. &quot;I happen to think this is a very productive result of my anger. Might as well make up for lost time practicing, eh? Besides,&quot; Ielenia walked over to the target to gather her daggers. &quot;As much as I should hate to admit it, I think I&apos;m glad I finally told you guys. Didn&apos;t think it was possible to trust anyone again.&quot; Walking back towards Ellie and Grace, she holds out the dagger towards the latter. &quot;Wanna give it a try?&quot;<br>

-Rachel M., September 26

---

Ellie frowns thoughtfully at the target.<br><br>&quot;Of course, I can. I just have to watch you throw it a few times to see how fast you throw.&quot;<br><br>At Grace&apos;s approach, she also moves to expand the conversation to a trio. Her eyes follow the smoke rising from Grace&apos;s fingers until she focuses back on Ielenia.<br><br>&quot;I&apos;m glad you told us as well but...&quot; Ellie visibly tries to control her anger as she continues speaking, &quot;Ielenia, just because that <em>traitor</em>&#xA0;happened to be someone you slept with does not mean that you had any part in your father&apos;s death. How were you to know that he would use your love for him to <em>betray</em> you?&quot; She snarls the last two words, gripping her bow and an arrow tightly in her hands. &quot;Not seeing that coming does not make you stupid or naive. You are not supposed to go into a relationship expecting betrayal and dishonesty and then to&#xA0;think that you might give up on love, or even sex, for some worthless bastard&#x2014;&quot;<br><br>Ellie bends the arrow to the point that it almost breaks in half. She inhales deeply and closes her eyes. When she opens them, she looks from the dagger Ielenia was holding out to Grace&apos;s face.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;Are you going to throw that so I have something to shoot?&quot;

-Nicole, September 26

---

Grace raises an eyebrow and accepts the dagger.<br><br>&quot;Productive, yes. &#xA0;I believe in anger, don&apos;t get me wrong. &#xA0;But being betrayed is not some sort of great sin. &#xA0;Honestly...&quot;<br><br>She tests the dagger&apos;s balance in her hands.<br><br>&quot;... we&apos;re thieves. &#xA0;Well, more like <em>wanderers</em>, now. &#xA0;But it&apos;s a fast life. &#xA0;We <em>all</em>&#xA0;get betrayed, fleeced, wounded, or hung out to dry at one point or another. &#xA0;Sometimes you see it coming; sometimes you know to stay away from someone so it never happens in the first place. &#xA0;But sooner or later one gets by you. &#xA0;You may as well rage at yourself for being unable to fly.&quot;<br><br>She nods to Ellie, winds back, and throws.

-Ben, September 26 (edited: September 26)

---

Seeing her opportunity, Ielenia quickly throws another dagger after Grace&apos;s, trying to knock it out of the air. It flies just an inch too low of the intended target, but still manages to hit the upper right hand corner of the one carved on the wall.<br><br>Ielenia nods, accepting the shot. Feeling her sister&apos;s anger boil around her, she gave Ellie a quick kiss on the cheek before saying, &quot;Ellie, I was at least 4 times as old as that man, I should have been able to see&#xA0;<em>something&#xA0;</em>coming. Besides,&quot; she turned her attention to Grace, &quot;if I hadn&apos;t been so willful and stubborn we wouldn&apos;t have been in that house in the first place. Adran would&apos;ve still been with me.&quot; &#xA0;Ielenia looks at the ground and idly kicks some dirt around with the toe of her boot, cape billowing gently behind her. &#xA0;&quot;But I suppose you two have a point. It&apos;s probably unhealthy to blame myself forever. But is five years a long enough penance?&quot; Ielenia tilted her head back to look towards the ceiling, as if the rafters held the answers to her questions. &quot;I&apos;d do this for a thousand years if it meant I got my father back.&quot;<br><br>Remembering her sister&apos;s request, Ielenia snapped her head forward, smirking. &quot;Okay, watch closely Ellie. This might be the fastest target you&apos;ll ever have to hit.&quot; <em>Thunk.</em>

-Rachel M., September 26

---

Ellie&apos;s face softens considerably with Ielenia&apos;s kiss, which she returns; she blows the rest of her anger out in a sigh. As she watches the dagger sail across the room and embed itself in the target, a smug smile blooms on her face.&#xA0;<br><br>&quot;I&apos;ve seen dwarves run faster than that dagger, little fox. I believe you said this was a bet yet I haven&apos;t heard your wager. Buy me a beer when I hit the dagger?&quot;<br><br>Ellie&apos;s smile melts into focused concentration when she shoulders her bow and readies an arrow.&#xA0;&quot;On your go.&quot;

-Nicole, September 26

---

&quot;Dwarves?&quot; Ielenia scoffs. &quot;Maybe if they were running towards a gold-plated turkey. A beer it is.&quot; Ielenia hurled her dagger.

-Rachel M., September 27