The wagons and bustle of&#xA0;Lanuovacasa have finally been swallowed by the grassy horizon, leaving the party with only the wide, blue sky for company.<br><br>&quot;Hey, Ellie... sorry about Kormathal. &#xA0;You took care of his last rites?&quot;

-Ben, October 25

---

Ellie raises her puffy, bloodshot eyes to look at Grace from beneath her hood. Her usually crystalline blue gaze is filled with anger that dissolves into renewed sorrow when she realizes the sincerity of the tiefling&apos;s condolences. She looks back at the ground and nods.<br><br>&quot;Oi helped a lot since he knew more of the prayers than I did.&#xA0;Kind of ironic having a Cleric of Life perform&#xA0;<em>that</em> ritual...&#xA0;I wish a priest of Maiavin had spoken with him beforehand but Kormathal didn&apos;t exactly tell me what he was doing. I, or even we, could have helped him, maybe talked him out of that <em>ridiculous</em> suicide mission! Why couldn&apos;t he... He didn&apos;t <em>even</em>&#x2014;&quot;<br><br>Ellie intently focuses on her steps as they cross the grassy plains&#xA0;and&#xA0;uses her cloak to subtly wipe the tears from her face.

-Nicole, October 26

---

Ursinalia not knowing how to comfort Ellie who seemed as if she would not like to be cheered by flowers and twirls turns into Bat to try out her newest shape. &#xA0;Then remembering how cute Ellie thought the bat Nox to be, tries to cheer her by distractions her with bats. &#xA0;<br><br>Bat flutters up into the air and over toward nox in an attempt to play. &#xA0;The two bats flutter around a bit before Nox settles again on Grace. After her initial flight bat settles on Ellie&apos;s shoulder to rid along imitating Nox.&#xA0;

-Amber  F., October 26 (edited: October 26)

---

Grace adjusts her pack to give Nox a place to land. &#xA0;The tiefling gazes out ahead while the bat watches her new counterpart with excited curiosity.<br><br>&quot;I wonder if he knew... I wonder if he knew about Lorenzo&apos;s blustering about a great halfling shadow war. &#xA0;How much was it truly a last act of vengeance upon the Hugo dynasty, and how much was it a... a crusade, to rid the world of a villain?&quot;<br><br>The words hang for a moment.<br><br>&quot;Whatever it was, I bet he&apos;s happy enough with his victory.&quot;

-Ben, October 26

---

Ellie looks up at the soft flapping of wings and watches the two bats as they dance through the air. She&apos;s captivated by the new form her lover has taken and watches her dart and swoop with Nox in the sunlight. When Bat lands on her shoulder, she delicately scratches under her chin and, enchanted by the adorable creature, finally smiles. She murmurs sweetly to Bat and pulls a spherical fruit for her from a new pouch on her belt.&#xA0;Comforted by Bat&apos;s presence, she continues speaking without crying.<br><br>&quot;Yes, I imagine he is.&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>Ellie pushes back her hood and adjusts her hair with one hand to give Bat more room on her shoulder.<br><br>&quot;I know you continue to say that my friend is&#x2014;<em>was</em>&#x2014;stupid and thick-headed, but, especially after listening to Illyrio&apos;s story, I wonder if he knew more than we gave him credit for.&#xA0;I&#xA0;wish Lorenzo&apos;s death had not been at the expense of his life but, in the end, I find it hard to imagine that he saw anything in Lorenzo&#xA0;but Hugo&apos;s atrocities. Perhaps Lorenzo&apos;s death was for more than one purpose. Vengeance and justice all rolled into one stab of a sword. Whatever his motivations, I will miss him dearly.&#xA0;I find it only fitting that we are starting our own journey to destroy the last instrument of Hugo&apos;s tyranny. Assuming we figure out how to destroy the Chains and survive the process, I will have quite the story to tell my brother on our return.&quot;<br>

-Nicole, October 27 (edited: October 27)

---

Grace&apos;s eyes remain on the horizon, but she furrows her brow and makes a face.<br><br>&quot;Ah, well. &#xA0;He did <em>say</em>&#xA0;he had come to see things differently. &#xA0;And he wasn&apos;t pushing any halflings around in that last day we saw him. &#xA0;And... a month really can change a man, yeah? &#xA0;I should know, shouldn&apos;t I?<br><br>&quot;I&apos;ll not remember him as a fool. &#xA0;That would be too unkind.&quot;<br><br>She squints around for a moment.<br><br>&quot;I think we already have stories to tell. &#xA0;Have any of you ever seen a place quite like this? &#xA0;This steady wind, the flat green in all directions... it&apos;s like the sea but without the spray and the brine.&quot;<br>

-Ben, October 27

---

&quot;Thank the gods. We can&apos;t drown in grass.&quot; Ellie mutters under her breath. She continues to shower the little bat on her shoulder with affection and love in the form of fruit pieces, kisses and head scratches. &quot;My family is never going to believe that all of you got me on a ship, and on one more than once.&quot;&#xA0;<br><br>She takes a good look at her surroundings, watching the grass bend in the breeze, and feels the wind curl her raven hair around her neck. She&apos;s also curious if any of her companions have seen such an expansive grassland as this one. She was sure if she and Ursinalia looked hard enough, they would be able to find some form of flowers or even a shrub, but to the naked eye the uniform shade of green was unadulterated by blossoms or trees for miles on end.<br><br>&quot;It really does look like the sea. The swell of the green waves, the big open sky... the wagon as our ship? I&apos;ve never seen anything like this but, then again, I haven&apos;t been this far south either. That sounds silly, doesn&apos;t it? I&apos;ve been alive for so long yet I&apos;ve always stayed within a reasonable distance of the forest. These plains are better than that dust wasteland we were just in, but I still miss the trees. I long for their shadows and the relief they offer from the sun. That and they just remind me of home.&quot;<br><br>Ellie squints at the horizon and tries to make out the silhouettes of the mountains where they were headed. She shades her eyes against the sunlight with her hand but gives up shortly thereafter.<br><br>&quot;So... Rose...&quot; she tentatively tries out the name, &quot;when we are done with this journey... have you thought about where you will go? Abigail will need some guidance with, well,&quot;<br><br>Ellie snaps her fingers in imitation of Abigail&apos;s sparking fire spells.<br><br>&quot;and I don&apos;t think you are wanting to return to a criminal&apos;s life.&quot;

-Nicole, October 29 (edited: October 29)

---

&quot;Hmm. &#xA0;I think I like it.&quot;<br><br>Rose sweeps the hair out of her face, something she&apos;s having to do way too often out here.<br><br>&quot;Return to the criminal&apos;s life? &#xA0;I dare say I never left. &#xA0;I&apos;ve disguised myself as several priestly sisters and two different men, bet on a few pit fights to fit into a crowd, smuggled a free Halfling into Heliopis, proceeded to smuggle him and every other Halfling <em>out</em>&#xA0;of Heliopis, and just now frightened a confession out of a mid-level criminal after showing up uninvited to his own home. &#xA0;The law can go fuck itself.&quot;<br><br>She beams at Ellie.<br><br>&quot;But your point is well taken. &#xA0;Petty thieving and cheating at cards just aren&apos;t my gig any more. &#xA0;So... when we get to Flametongue and make sure the Chains can never subdue anyone ever again? &#xA0;Well, I had assumed that there would be something else. &#xA0;Some other black knight to knock off his horse or some other slaving warlord to stick it to or some other singularly evil artifact to smash.<br><br>&quot;But, yes, I do want to be around to help the little one here to grow up to be the finest witch there ever was. &#xA0;So it seems to me like I shant be far from her... and I believe&#xA0;she still intends on going wherever you and Ielenia go, no matter how often the others insist we should find her a &apos;normal&apos; family.&quot;<br>

-Ben, November 01

---

At Ellie&apos;s mention of going home, Ielenia finally focuses her eyes from the distant landscape back towards her friends, having sat solemnly taking in the expanse of her journey, of her sister&apos;s most recent loss. &quot;Grace, er. Rose. I never took you to be the mothering type. Though if Abigail sticks with us, I&apos;m afraid I might undo any discipline you teach her. I&apos;m quite like my uncle Rhawon in that way.&quot; Ielenia brushes some of Ellie&apos;s hair behind her ear and offers bat a quick scratch behind the ears. &quot;I suppose this is still the best family I&apos;ve ever had. Where is our little witch, anyway?&quot;

-Rachel M., November 07